Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Bhopal Chapter IAPEN INDIA Association > Bhopal Chapter IAPEN India Bhopal Chapter Hon. President Dr. Ratna Mulay Dr. Ratna Mulay, a distinguished paediatrician and public health expert with 30+ years of experience, holds degrees in Medicine, Adolescent Health, Health Management, Nutrition, and a Ph.D. in Women’s Studies. She has led major health programs with the Govt. of Madhya Pradesh, including IDSP, RNTCP, and India’s first measles surveillance. She also contributed significantly during COVID-19 with the Dept. of Health Research, Govt. of India. An advisor to government bodies and NGOs, she has published widely on health and gender, authored “Women – Malnourished Minds & Broken Bodies”, and co-edited a book on paediatric malnutrition. Beyond work, she enjoys reading, travelling, and painting. Hon. Vice-President Mrs. Rashmi Shrivastava Mrs Rashmi Srivastava is a Sr. Clinical Dietitian | Sports Nutritionist | Diabetes Educator 20+ years experience as a Clinical Dietitian. Presently Clinical Dietitian at Hajela Hospital, Smart City Hospital, People’s Hi-Tech General Hospital (Bhopal). Sharda Hospital, Maneesha Hospital, Composite Regional Centre. Sports Nutritionist, MP State Sports Academy, TT Nagar Stadium, Bhopal. Consultant Nutritionist, Sharda Vidya Mandir, Bhopal EC Member, IDA MP Chapter (since 2014) Member, IAPEN India Core Group – Community Nutrition ;Life Member, IDA & IAPEN Contribution: Organized CNEs & workshop since 2012; regular expert talks on Doordarshan & AIR; articles in newspapers & sports magazines. Awards: Experimental Nutrition Award,IDACON 2018; Chikitsak Samman by Medical Education Minister. Hon.Secretary Mrs. Annapurna Bhatnagar Mrs. Annapurna Bhatnagar is a Clinical Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Diabetes Nutrition Expert with over 25 years of experience in the field of Nutrition. She has worked across hospitals and fitness centres and currently heads her own Diet Clinic, leading a team of five. A life member of IAPEN, NSI, and IDA, an Associate Member of ISH, and a Member of SAPEN, she actively contributes to the nutrition community. As a public health speaker, she conducts workshops and presentations in schools, corporates, and organizations such as LIC, and has been featured in leading newspapers, All India Radio, and Doordarshan Bhopal. In recognition of her work, she was honored with the IAPEN Nutrition Excellence State Award (Freelance Category) in 2025. Hon. Treasurer Deepti Srivastava Deepti Srivastava is a Consultant Dietitian with 18 years of experience in clinical nutrition. She is currently associated with Bhopal Fracture Hospital, Silverline Cancer Hospital, and the IIAHM Academy. A life member of IDA and IAPEN, she has also served as a Consultant Dietitian at Procter & Gamble, Agrawal & Jawahar Cancer Hospital, and National Hospital. Deepti has actively organized nutrition awareness programs in colleges and hospitals and conducted training sessions for nursing staff on updated nutrition therapy. In recognition of her contributions, she received the IAPEN Excellence District Award for Medical Nutrition Practice in 2025 Executive Committee Member Dt. Samrah Akhter Hussain Dt. Samrah Akhter Hussain a Clinical Dietitian, Diabetes educator, Public health speaker. University Gold Medalist for Master's Degree. Having an experience of more than a decade. Have worked in Bhopal's renowned multi- speciality, Bansal Hospital for 5 years. Currently working at Sarvottam Hospital and pursuing Phd in the dietetics field. Certified diabetes educator, sports nutritionist and fsssi coordinator. An active public health expert.. given lectures and health talks in many schools, private companies and camps ,All India Radio (akashwani), and a regular Diet and Nutrition expert on DD National. Executive Committee Member Dimple Sawlani Dimple Sawlani is a Clinical Dietitian with a B.Sc. in Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics and is currently pursuing her M.Sc. in DFSM. She has worked as an Assistant Clinical Dietitian at Hajela Hospital and Silver Line Hospital, gaining valuable clinical experience. A life member of IAPEN since 2023 and currently serving as an Executive Council Member of the IAPEN Bhopal Chapter, she is actively involved in professional nutrition initiatives. Presently, she is working as a freelance dietitian, dedicated to creating personalized nutrition plans that align with individual lifestyles and promote long-term health and well-being. Executive Committee Member Mrs. Sonali Srivastava Sonali Srivastava is an accomplished nutrition professional with an M.Sc. in Food, Nutrition & Dietetics and is currently pursuing her Ph.D. as a research scholar. A UGC-NET qualified Assistant Professor and Certified Diabetes Educator (Type 1 & Type 2), she combines academic expertise with clinical practice. She is presently working at Siddhanta Red Cross Hospital, Bhopal, With her dual role in academics and healthcare, Sonali is committed to advancing knowledge and delivering personalized nutrition solutions for better health outcomes. Executive Committee Member Priyanka Sharma Priyanka Sharma is a Clinical Dietitian and Certified Diabetes Educator with over 5 years of experience in nutrition care and counseling. She holds an M.Sc. in Food Science & Nutrition and is pursuing her Ph.D. in Food and Nutrition. Currently working with USV Pharmaceuticals, she specializes in managing Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes, providing evidence-based nutrition guidance and lifestyle counseling to improve long-term health outcomes. Please contact us on Email ID : iapenbhopalchapter@gmail.com ×