Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Chandigarh Chapter IAPEN INDIA Association > Chandigarh Chapter IAPEN India Chandigarh Chapter Hon. President Dr. Pankaj Malhotra Professor and Head Dept of Clinical Hematology and Medical Oncology Member : American Society of Clinical Oncology, American Society of Hematology, European Society of Medical Oncology, National Academy of Medical Sciences, Indian Association of Cancer Research, Indian Society of Hematology and Blood Transfusion. Expert member of ICMR guidelines on Bone marrow transplantation, various hematological cancers. 517 peer review publications, 22 book chapters, guided 129 MD, DM, PhD, MSc, MPH thesis Hon. Vice-President Ms. Sonia Gandhi Head of Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics Fortis Hospital, Mohali Qualification : Masters in Nutrition from Banasthali University, Jaipur. Gold medallist in M.Sc. Research Scholar with credit of more than 8 thesis and international study on almonds General secretary : IDA –Chandigarh chapter Life member of IDA and NSI (Nutrition society of India). Total Years’ of Experience: 20 years+ in Hospital and 3 years of lectureship in the field of Nutrition. Working as faculty in chitkara Health care management students and GNM students of nursing school of Fortis. Regularly writes articles or papers for Medical Journals, newspaper, magazines on different topics of Nutrition and Diet. She is a key participant in CME on different Nutrition related topics in medical and surgical forums. Participated in many T.V and Radio talks on Nutrition and Health. </b> Hon.Secretary Dr. Nancy Sahni Chief Dietician & Head, Department of Dietetics, PGIMER, Chandigarh Qualification : PhD /Doctorate in Nutrition from PGIMER, Chandigarh Registered Dietician Qualified UGC NET Total Years’ of Experience: 23 years. - Core Group Dietician from North India for developing pediatric renal nutrition guidelines. - Core Group Dietician for Pan India diet study on IBD. - Renal Core group Dietician-IAPEN India - Presidents Award ,Young Investigators Award , Best paper award. Award of Appreciation, for various paper presentations, Felicitated as Best organizer, Presided as Chair person at National and International Seminars. - Written many chapters in Books (Nutrition in endometriosis, OSA, Renal nutrition, Nutraceuticals , Kitchen settings in a hospital). - Paper publications in National and International journals. - Guide and Co-Guide/Co-Investigator for M.Sc. MS, PhD, MD,DM & Projects - Paper presentations nationally and internationally - Resource person for nutrition in various institutes and awarded appreciation certificates for same. LIFE MEMBER OF : - Joint Secretary, Chandigarh Chapter –IDA, India, Chd. Chapter - Executive Member, Chandigarh Chapter- NSI(Nutrition Society of India) - ISPEN(Indian Society of Enteral and Parenteral Nutrition) - IPHA(Indian Public Health Association) - ISN(International Society of Nephrology) - IAPEN India Hon. Treasurer Ms. Reema Bhatia Registered Dietician Qualification : B.Sc(Home-Science ) M.Sc (Foods &Nutrition) Diploma in Sports & Exercise Nutrition Presently working as clinical dietician in Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32,Chandigarh (+ 20 yrs.) Organized various CMEs and Nutritional Awareness Programs Executive Committee Member Dr. Pooja Bhatt Qualification : PhD (Food and Nutrition) Assistant Professor, Chandigarh College of Hospitality ,CGC, SAS Nagar. Nutritionist Host at Cookery show,Zee Punjabi Fellowship: Community Innovator Fellowship, Atal Innovation Mission, NITI Aayog. Research studies that have won International awards at various conferences: Optimization of nutritional composition, bioactive compounds and antioxidant activity in broccoli (Brassica oleracea) microgreens using alternate drying techniques Augmentation of mineral content, antioxidant activity and bioactive compounds using different drying techniques in broccoli (Brassica oleracea) microgreen sprinkler Research Associate with Acentric Biotech and Research Laboratory, SAS Nagar. Organised many seminar, camps and workshops in the area of Nutrition and Dietetics Delivered many lectures as a Resource person in Universities, colleges, schools and villages. Life member of IDA. Executive Committee Member Ms. Manisha Arora Registered Dietician Qualification : B.Sc Home Science M.sc Dietetics and Food Service management Certificate course in FODMAP. Sydney. Australia Certified diabetic Educator Certificate course in Functional foods & Nutraceuticals. GOI State awardee Chandigarh Administration Presently working as Senior Dietician in Govt. Multi Specialty Hospital Sector-16. Chandigarh for more than 25 years . Resource person for Govt & Private institutions and organized various nutrition awareness programs under ‘poshan abhiyan and poshan pakhwada’. Executive Committee Member Ms. Vandita Sharma Qualification : M.Sc. (Foods and Nutrition) from Delhi University Currently working as Associate Professor Department of Home Science, Govt. P. G. College Sector 1 Panchkula Haryana Executive Committee Member Ms. Ramandeep Benjpal Registered Dietician Qualification : B.Sc (Home-Science). M.Sc DFSM P.G.D Nutrition and Dietetics Working as clinical dietician in Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32,Chandigarh (+ 20 YRS.) Organized various CMEs and nutritional awareness programs. Executive Committee Member Ms.Shivani Thakur Qualification : BSc. Hons in Food Science & Technology, MSc. in Dietetics & Food Service Management, Certified Diabetic educator, Certified in Hypertension And Lifestyle Management, Pursuing Diploma in ESPEN Currently worked as senior dietician at Jindal IVF & Sant Memorial Nursing Home. Please contact us on Email ID : iapenchdchapter@gmail.com Activities Name & Place of the Activity :- Celebration of DIETETICS DAY, 2026 , the theme of which was – “ CONTROL OBESITY FOR HEALTHIER INDIA- AN ACTION CALL FROM NUTRITION SCIENCE PROFESSIONALS ” by the Dietetics Department, PGIMER , CHANDIGARH at Lecture Theatre-1 Nehru Hospital, PGIMER, Chandigarh. Date of the Event :- 10 th January 2026 Brief Description Members/Participants Involved :- Approximately 300 participants attended the program, comprising mainly nursing officers, hospital administrative staff, library personnel, technicians etc . The session aimed to highlight the importance of diet in managing obesity, a growing health concern in India. The attendees were educated and trained via talks, skits, healthy recipe meals and snacks and therefore were encouraged to adopt healthier lifestyle practices and effective strategies for obesity prevention and control. The discussion emphasized obesity as a growing health challenge and highlighted its connection to non-communicable diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular conditions and other metabolic disorders. Mention if the event was conducted in collaboration with any organization (Optional) :- It was done under the banner of IAPEN, CHANDIGARH CHAPTER. 1. Name & Place of the Activity :- Celebration of World Cancer Day, 2026 , by organising a special diet camp for day care Chemotherapy patients by the Dietetics Department, PGIMER , CHANDIGARH at New OPD, 5 th Floor, PGIMER, Chandigarh. Date of the Event :- 4 th February, 2026 3. Brief Description Members/Participants Involved :- IAPEN Chandigarh Chapter President , Professor (Dr.) Pankaj Malhotra and IAPEN Chandigarh Chapter Secretary, Dr. Nancy Sahni along with the organizing Committee of the Department of Dietetics, PGIMER Chandigarh, celebrated World Cancer Day, 2026 , by organising a special diet camp for day care Chemotherapy patients. The event aimed to spread awareness about medical nutrition therapy, bust dietary myths, and provide practical support to patients and families. Tailor-made diet plans shared according to individual chemotherapy cycles. Myth-clearing session- common food beliefs/traditions discussed with evidence-based guidance. Distribution of nutritious drinks & snacks to participants. One-on-one counselling by dieticians for patients and caregivers was done. 4. Mention if the event was conducted in collaboration with any organization (Optional) :- It was done under the banner of IAPEN , CHANDIGARH CHAPTER. a. Name & Place of the Activity :- Celebration of World Kidney Day, 2026 , by organising “KIDNEY FRIENDLY RECIPES COMPETITION” amongst nutrition students. Event was organised by the Dietetics Department, PGIMER, CHANDIGARH at 5 th Floor, C- block PGIMER, Chandigarh. b.Date of the Event :- 12 th March, 2026 c. Brief Description Members/Participants Involved :- IAPEN Chandigarh Chapter President , Professor (Dr.) Pankaj Malhotra and IAPEN Chandigarh Chapter Secretary, Dr. Nancy Sahni along with the organizing Committee of the Department of Dietetics, PGIMER Chandigarh, celebrated World Kidney Day, 2026 The participants showcased their culinary skills in doling out kidney friendly dishes . The initiative highlighted the often under- recognized role of combining art and science in designing renal failure friendly therapeutic dishes for kidney disease patients and making them attractive , palatable as well as scientifically balanced according to high energy, low protein and balanced electrolytes demand of the disease. The competition broke the myth of such recipes to be bland and uninteresting that may further push the renal failure patient towards malnutrition and poorer quality of life. Recipes consisted of renal friendly snacks, beverages and main meals. d. Mention if the event was conducted in collaboration with any organization (Optional) :- It was done under the banner of IAPEN , CHANDIGARH CHAPTER. a. Name & Place of the Activity :-Dietetics Department, GMSH-16 Chandigarh celebrated World Kidney Day, 2026 on the theme “Kidney Health for All: Caring for people , protecting the planet”. b. Date of the Event :- 12 th March, 2026 c. Brief Description Members/Participants Involved :- Dietician Mandeep developed meal plans for patients undergoing dialysis. Dietician Komal provided nutritional guidelines aimed at reducing the risk of kidney-related complications among diabetic, hypertensive and renal calculi patients. Diet charts were distributed to approximately 50–70 beneficiaries. d. Mention if the event was conducted in collaboration with any organization (Optional) :- It was done under the banner of IAPEN , CHANDIGARH CHAPTER. a. Name & Place of the Activity :-Nutrition & Dietetics Department, Chandigarh Group of College (CGC), Landran celebrated World Kidney Day, 2026 on the theme “Kidney Health for All: Caring for people , protecting the planet”. b. Date of the Event :- 12 th March, 2026 c. Brief Description Members/Participants Involved :- Students of B.Sc. Nutrition and Dietetics prepared kidney-friendly recipes to promote awareness about renal health. A total of 22 entries were received, and after evaluation, first, second, and third prizes were awarded to the best recipes. The activity encouraged students to apply their theoretical knowledge in a practical and creative manner while highlighting the importance of balanced nutrition for kidney care. It also helped raise awareness among participants and attendees about adopting healthy dietary habits to prevent renal complications. d. Mention if the event was conducted in collaboration with any organization (Optional) :- It was done under the banner of IAPEN , CHANDIGARH CHAPTER. ×