Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Cochin Chapter IAPEN INDIA Association > Cochin Chapter IAPEN India Cochin Chapter Hon. President Dr. Mumtaz Khalid Ismail MSc, PhD Dr. Mumtaz Khalid Ismail is a Consultant Clinical Dietician with over 33 years of experience in dietetics, clinical nutrition, research, and public health. A graduate of Aligarh Muslim University with a PhD in Foods and Nutrition from Mother Theresa Women’s University, she has specialized training in sports nutrition, diabetes education, and FODMAP diet therapy for IBS. She has served in reputed institutions including the Army Medical Corps, Apollo Hospitals, UNICEF, and the National Rural Health Mission, and was instrumental in drafting Kerala’s Nutrition Policy in 2013. Dr. Mumtaz has also set up Kerala’s first government hospital dietary department at Ernakulam General Hospital.Currently, she practices at Rainbow Polyclinic, Total Nutrition Plus as online and offline consultation and is a professor of nutrition in sree sudheendra college of nursing and Lisie college of Nursing, and consults for corporates on wellness and sustainable nutrition practices. An accomplished researcher, columnist, and speaker, she is actively involved with professional associations including the Indian Dietetic Association, Nutrition Society of India, Association for Evidence Based Dietetics and Nutrition, Womens Wing of Indian Medical Association and serves as Secretary of Women Entrepreneurs Network Foundation. Her key areas of interest include women’s nutrition, lifestyle disorders, infant and child nutrition, sports nutrition, corporate wellness, and public health. Hon. Vice President Dr. Cuckoo Sarah Kuruvilla Consultant intensivist Medical Trust Hospital MBBS- Kottyam Medical College 2007 MD- KMC Manipal 2013 IDCCM –Medical Trust Hospital 2015 EDIC -2017 Winner of national talent hunt search 2017 Faculty at various national and state level conferences in critical care Active member of the institutional ethics committee Teacher and mentor to IDCCM and DrNB students for the past 5 years Hon.Secretary Susan Itty 21 yrs of experience in Multi-speciality Hospitals. Certified in Nutrigenomics Certified in FODMAP from Monash University, Australia Advanced certificated in LLL program by ESPEN National Award Winner “Excellence in Therapeutic Food Service Management “by IAPEN – 2020 District Award Winner “ Excellence in MNT” by IAPEN -2022 Part of Nutritional guidelines of Head & Neck cancer for Indian patients Part of Consensus on the screening, Assessment and Nutritional Management of Dysphagia Hon member of Indian Dietetics association (IDA). Hon, Vice President for Association of Evidence based Dietetics and Nutrition (AEDAN) Hon Secretary - Cochin Chapter, Indian Association of Parental and Enteral Nutrition (IAPEN)CO - Chair CACHO Hon.Treasurer Dr. Jyothi S Krishnan Chief Clinical Nutritionist and Head of the Department, Department of Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics , Believers Medical College Hospital , Thiruvalla A faculty member at the Believers Academy of Allied Health Sciences and the College of Nursing at Believers Church Medical College Hospital, with over 20 years of experience in clinical nutrition and dietetics. Published widely in Scopus-indexed and UGC Care journals and presented at leading International conferences such as ESPEN and PENSA. A recipient of the IAPEN Nutrition Research District level Award 2024. Serves as Member of the Board of Studies of MG University. Executive Committee Member Mrs. Santhiya. L Dietician Medical Nutrition and Dietetics Department, Avitis Institute of Medical Sciences, Nemmara, Palakkad. Enthusiastic clinical Dietician with 10+ years of experience in the field of Nutrition and Dietetics practice. Currently working as a Dietician at Avitis Institute of Medical Sciences, Nemmara, Palakkad, Kerala. Worked as a Consultant Dietician at Lakshmi Heart and Lung hospital, Palakkad, Trainee Dietician at Paalana Institute of Medical Sciences, Palakkad. And also worked as a Nutrition faculty in nursing college and Hospital Administrative Officer at Sowmya Hospital, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. Membership: Life Member of Indian Dietetic Association (IDA) Life Member of IAPEN India Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition Life Member of Community Nutrition Forum (CNF) Academic Achievements: Certified Bariatric Nutritionist. Certified Low FODMAP Dietician – Monash University, Australia. One of the contributors of the book titled “Current Topics in Nutrition” (Diet in Liver Cirrhosis). Certified Food Safety Supervisor, Fostac, FSSAI. Certified Internal NABH auditor, Avitis Institute of Medical Sciences. Won IAPEN State award under the category “Excellence in Therapeutic Food service Management” for the year 2022. Won IAPEN District award under the Category "Medical Nutrition Practice (Team)" for the year 2024. Certified Continuing Professional Education Activity in “Nutrition Care Process: Beyond the Basics”, Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, USA. Presented various case study presentations and poster presentations in state level and national level nutrition programs. Community Activities: Regularly conducting Nutrition Awareness Classes and workshops for Adolescents, Adults, Geriatric people, Pregnant and Lactating women initiating on the right choice of foods and Healthy lifestyle modification. Executive Committee Member MINI.N Dietician Sr.Grade Regional Cancer Centre, Medical College Campus Trivandrum Working in Regional Cancer Centre for the past 30 year ( 1995 - _ ). Member of IDA and IAPEN. Faculty of oncology focused nutrition training and certification. Certificated NABH Auditor. Executive Committee Member Dr. Bhagya D. Assistant Professor, Head & Research Guide PG Department of Home Science St. Joseph’s College for Women, Alappuzha University of Kerala An accomplished educator and researcher specializing in Foods, Nutrition, Dietetics, Indian Knowledge Systems, Human Development, Nanotechnology, and Biochemistry. Recognized for innovative teaching, mentorship, and leadership in academics and research, with multiple awards for teaching excellence, presentations, publications, and social service as NSS Programme Officer. Executive Committee Member Soumya S Nair Dietician & HOD Dietary department, ESIC MODEL &SUPER SPECIALITY HOSPITAL, Asramam, Kollam. I am a credentialed Registered Dietitian and a recognized subject matter expert in the field of Nutrition, with more than 17 years of expertise in translating evidence-based dietary strategy into clinical application. My commitment extends to the public health domain through my work as a Community Nutrition Specialist, where I devise and implement scalable food security initiatives. I frequently serve as an inspirational speaker, proficiently articulating complex nutritional science into actionable insights for professional and public forums. Furthermore, I have authored a seminal publication focused on the significant nutritional and agricultural contributions of millets, underscoring my authority in sustainable and nutrient-dense food systems. Executive Committee Member Dr Krishna Mohandas RD, PhD Assistant Dietician, RCC, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala Clinical dietician with more than 18 years of experience Area of interest include weight management, renal diet, onco diet and nutrition research Six research publications and contributed two text book chapters Executive Committee Member Dr. Reena K Chittilappilly A Chief Dietitian with a post graduate diploma degree in Nutrition and Dietetics from a reputed university. Completed MSc in Dietetics and Foood Service Management and obtained a PhD in Food’s and Nutrition from Bharathiar University. Have an experience of more than 22 years. Has an out going and blended personality. Is a hardworking person and a quick learner. I am commited to deliver high quality work with a strong sense of responsibility and perseverence Please contact us on Email ID : iapenkerala@gmail.com ×