Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Core Groups IAPEN INDIA Association > Nutrition and Diabetes India IAPEN INDIA CORE GROUP : NUTRITION AND DIABETES INDIA About the Association The IAPEN India Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition is an organization in the field of parenteral and enteral nutrition and promotes basic research, clinical research, advanced education and organization of consensus statements about clinical care and quality control. About the Core Group The Nutrition and Diabetes, India, A core group of IAPEN INDIA is devoted to the study of Metabolic and Endocrine problems associated with diabetes and their nutritional implications and management. The total number of people with diabetes is projected to rise from 171 million in 2000 to 366 million in 2030*1(WHO, 2019). There are estimated 72.96 million cases of diabetes in adult population of India. India is grappling with the growing burden of treating diabetes and the complications that stem from uncontrolled high blood sugars such as kidney disease/failure, amputation, blindness and numerous other conditions. Hence evidence-based knowledge about Diabetes and Nutrition is an integral requirement of the diabetes management teams to combat this global burden. Trained healthcare professionals with sound knowledge about Diabetes and Nutrition play a vital role in aiding management and empowering the patient with the knowledge needed to manage his/her diabetes and prevent complication and ensure optimal treatment outcomes towards positive health goals. IAPEN India’s main interest is to promote lifelong learning in Advanced Clinical Nutrition and this core group will help in promoting and developing guidelines for management of patients with diabetes mellitus. About the Course Certificate Course in Diabetes Care and Education provides an intensive, evidence- based, self-paced learning program that provides practitioners the latest information on implementing nutrition care in the Diabetes hospitals. The Course assisted by a National Advisory Committee of The IAPEN India Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition and experienced critical care clinical nutritionists and dietitians from across the country, the program provides a balance of background information, current research and practical information of diabetes and nutrition. Hon Chairman DR. V SESHIAH Estd First Dept of Diabetology in the Country in Madras Medical College. Founder Dr. Balaji & Dr. Seshiah Diabetes care centre & Research Institute. Patron-Research Society for the Study of Diabetes in India Founder Patron- Diabetes In Pregnancy Study Group, India (DIPSI) Vice chairman ,Executive Board International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group Member “Expert group of the technical and operational guideline on Gestational Diabetes” of the Ministry of Health, Govt of India. Recipient of DR.B.C.ROY National Award in 1988 for the development of Diabetology as a Specialty. Lifetime Achievement Award Conferred by INTERNATIONAL DIABETES FEDERATION 2017. Hon Member of National Advisory Committee DR. A PANNEERSELVAM Consultant Diabetologist at Aruna Diabetes Centre, Chennai-94 His areas of interest are :- Prevention & Good Control of Diabetes Creating awareness at all levels He was instrumental to get free insulin from Tamil Nadu Govt. for Type 1 diabetics in 1998 He was instrumental in getting GDM project in Tamil Nadu Govt. in 2007 Member of API, IMA, Executive Committee Member RSSDI, Co-chairman Diabetes Association of India (South Chapter) Best Dr award in 1997 from Govt. Royapettah Hospital, Chennai-14. Award by His Excellency Governor of Tamil Nadu for creating an Insulin Bank 2012 Hon Member of International Advisory Committee DR MARTIN KOHLMEIER MD, PhD Professor and Director, Human Research Core and Nutrigenetics Laboratory UNC Nutrition Research Institute, and School of Medicine & Gillings School of Global Public Health, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Nutrition in Medicine/Nutrition Education for Practicing Physicians Editor in Chief, BMJ Nutrition, Prevention & Health Chief Program officer and Mentor DR. SHILPA VARMA Designation : Clinical Nutritionist Affiliation : Consulting Clinical Nutritionist- Belle Vue MultiSpeciality Hospital, Mumbai. Child Hormone Foundation; Tots to Teens Clinic, Mumbai. MotherCare Clinic, Mumbai. National Executive Committee Member- IAPEN INDIA Association For Parenteral And Enteral Association. Chief Program Officer IAPEN India Core Group Nutrition and Diabetes, India. Block Member-ESPEN; Member-BAPEN; Member- ASPEN GNP Qualification : PhD; MSc (Dietetics and Applied Nutrition); NET Certified; ESPEN Diploma in Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism, PGDND; PGD (Public Health Nutrition); PGD (Nutraceuticals) (IGMPI); Certified in Critical Care Nutrition (IAPEN, ADA); Certified in Nutrigenomics; Certified Diabetes Educator (International Diabetes Federation; ADA); Certified in Analysis for Food Bioactives (ICT- UGC-CAS 2 and TEQIP-111 (World Bank Funded); ESPEN Certified in Clinical Nutrition and Metabolic Care; ESPEN LLL Certifications; Certified in Infant and Young Child Feeding- UNICEF and Cornell University. Publications : National Editorial Board Member IP Journal of Nutrition, Metabolism and Health Science. More than 10 Abstracts, Publications, Chapter contribution in National and International journals and books. Author - Low Carb, Low Sugar Diabetes Friendly Recipes Book. Founder - NutriVeda by Shilpa Varma More than 15 years as Clinical Nutritionist; 6 years as Director Partner – HealthyHey Nutrition Company Joint Program Officer and Mentor MS. DATTA PATEL Head, Department of Nutrition & Dietetics, D. Y. Patil School of Medicine & Hospital Program Coordinator, Sports & Exercise Science, D Y Patil Univeristy Treasurer, Indian Society of Enteral & Parenteral Nutrition , IAPEN INDIA Editor, D Y Patil Journal of Health Sciences Academic Affiliations: Member, Board of Studies, Allie Health Sciences, D Y Patil University Visiting Faculty at School of Nursing / School of Physiotherpay Memeber, Academic Council, D Y Patil University Association Affiliations : Life Member, IDA Life Member, IAPEN Block Member, ESPEN Organizing Chair Person for International Conference “MedInspire 2019" Co-authored the Chapter of the Purple book, FSSAI & published research articles. Invited as Speaker, Moderator, Panel Experts, Scientific Committee for various National and International Conferences Mentor: UG & PG students for Training /Internship for Clinical Nutrition Programs Jt. Program Officer and Mentor Ms. Fatima Radhanpurwala She is Registered Clinical Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, Certified Nutrigenomics Consultant and Certified Sports Nutritionist with experience of more than decade. She has worked with KEM hospital, Wockhardt hospital in past, currently she has her own start-up Nutrivision Wellness. Also attached with Reliance Industries Limited and Glenmark pharma Ltd as consultant. She has vast experience in field of clinical nutrition where she has help many patients to cope up with their disease like diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, liver disease, kidney problems, cancer, etc Hon Member- Working Committee Mrs. Bhakti Samant MSc. Dietetics Chief Dietician - Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital and Research Center, Mumbai. Hon Jt. Secretary, IAPEN India Association of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition, Mumbai Chapter Affiliations : [Life Membership]- Indian Dietetics Association [IDA], Association of Diabetes Educators [ADE], IAPEN India Association of Enteral and Parenteral nutrition [IAPEN India] Certifications: ESPEN Certified - part of ESPEN LLL Programme 2019 accredited by European Accreditation Council for CME. Certified in Low FODMAP diet for IBS, Monash University, Australia. Certificate Training Program on Ketogenic Diet in Epilepsy from The Asian Institute of Ketogenic Diet [Organised by Dr. Nathan] SIOP PODC Fellowship in "Nutrition in Pediatric Oncology" from Tata hospital, Mumbai Certified Body Composition Analyst. Hon Member- Working Committee Usha Gajapathi Raju Consultant Dietitian at Visakhapatnam - since 1993 Founder member & Treasurer Diabetic Child Society Founder & Owner of Urban Eco Farms, Vizag Certified Diabetes Educator – CMC Vellore Diabetes Management & Educator program – International Diabetes Center, WHO MBA Marketing Andhra University PG in Nutrition & Dietetics – SPMVV University, Tirupati BSC Home science – St Joseph’s College for women, Vizag Hon Member- Working Committee Shilpa Chadha Thakur Hon Member of The Working Committee" of Nutrition and Diabetes, Core Group IAPEN, India. M.Sc. (Food and Nutrition), P.G. Diploma in Nutrition & Dietetics with over 24 yrs of experience in the field of nutrition. Diabetic Educator &., Trained Bariatric Nutritionist ( practicing since 2005 onwards ). Certified in FODMAP Diets from Monash University, Australia. "HACCP" Certificate issued by British Standards Institution, LONDON for Successfully completing 'Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points Implementation & Documentation Workshop' delivered by BSI India Private Limited. Advanced Certificate Course in "Applied Enteral Pharmacometrician in Critical Care “. Advance Certificate Course in “Oncology Nutrition” under LLL program by ESPEN. Advance Certificate Course in “Renal Nutrition” under LLL program by ESPEN Master Trainer in SNF @ Health & wellness Coordinator from FSSAI. Presented many research papers at National & International conference. Ex-Editor ,Diet Byte Magazine at IDA, Delhi Chapter. Chief Consultant for a best-selling book published by Callawind Publication Inc., Canada "The Spice is Right" by Monica Bhide. It is one of the best-selling books in US was highly appreciated and recognised. Speaker for the TV channel Rajya Sabha, IBN 7 and Delhi Aaj Tak for various talks on Nutrition and related topics. The Ex-President of US, Mr. Bill Clinton was offered food at Bukhara Restaurant, at Delhi and the nutrition count of the food offered to him was based on the calculation and recommendation done in the Indian Recipes Book 'Spice is Right' by me. Running Diabetes Diet Reversal Program in Association with Hospital. Nutrition Course coordinator and external examiner for many Universities. Worked on a project for WHO “Nutrition for staff Health”. Been invited as expert for various panel discussion and as speaker/chairperson for many nutrition conferences and workshops. Worked as a nutrition faculty in nursing college. Been as an external invigilator for graduation and post graduation in Manav Rachna university. Delivered talks and organized nutrition camps at various corporate offices and school. Life member with IDA, IAPEN, IFSO, NSI, ADE etc. Hon Member- Working Committee Sucharita Sengupta I am a practicing consultant nutritionist, diabetes educator and food safety supervisor. I have worked as a Guest Faculty in various institutions and have given talks in various esteemed institutes like IIFPT (Thanjavur), J.D. Birla Institute (Kolkata), International College of Nutrition (ICN, Calcutta Chapter), etc. Over the years, I have been presenting a number of research-based papers in various international and national conferences. My field of study/research includes diet/role of food in diabetes, food microbiology, food technology, food processing and nutrition science, etc. I have delivered various talks for HDFC Bank, Woodward’s Gripe Water, etc. I have been awarded by various organizations such as NNHSA, IDA, ICN, Techprolabz, Incubation Centre at IIT Patna, Gokhale Memorial Girls’ College Award, Best Paper Award at the 5th International Conference on Biotechnology & Biological Sciences, etc. for my research and academic contributions. Hon Member- Working Committee Dt. Kiranmai Chief clinical consultant Dietitian Sparsh hospital Bangalore Hon member of the working committee of Nutrition and Diabetes ,core Group IAPEN Hon member of the working committee of Nutrition and Hypertension core Group IAPEN Hon member of the working committee of Gastrointestinal Nutrition IAPEN India Hon member of the working committee of Malnutrition India IAPEN M.sc (Food and Nutrition ) clinical nutrition , PG Diploma in Diabetic with over 14 yrs of experience . Speaker for the TV channel kannada tv, chandana , tv 9 talk for various talks on Nutrition & related topics . Been invited as expert for various panel discussions Judge for various healthy cooking competitions . Worked as an Clinical Nutrition faculty for NU University . Life member with IDA ,IAPEN .Description/introduction Hon Member-Media Committee Ranu Singh Ranu Singh, MSc. (F&N), Research Scholar, Community Nutritionist working among females of reproductive age group of urban slums and rural areas. Certified Diabetes Educator from International Diabetes Federation ,Belgium. Certified Mother & Child Nutritionist . Fellowship in Clinical Nutrition. Area of work - Creating awareness about dietary requirements ,healthy lifestyle, importance of healthy eating ,sanitation & hygiene among females of reproductive age group, lactating mothers & growing children to improve knowledge, health behaviour & health outcomes related to prevention & management of Diabetes & other diseases. Vice President of IAPEN-India LUCKNOW CHAPTER & Associated and member of many National & International organisations working in field of Nutrition . American Diabetes Association , Associate Member of American Society of Nutrition , IAPEN India , American Society of Nutrition ,Indian Dietetics Association ,Nutrition Society of India, Society of Renal Nutrition & Metabolism. Hon Member-Media Committee Ms. Bansari Rao (MSc. CND, CDE) Founder and Editor-In-Chief, Nutrition Insights Magazine and Nutritionist, Bite Ratio. She has done her Master in Clinical Nutrition & Dietetics (Dr. BMN College of Home Science, SNDT University) and is a Certified Diabetes Educator (NDEP). She has an experience of 4+ years in Pediatric Nutrition and lifestyle Nutrition, also actively involved in Research and Community Nutrition programs with various NGOs and Organizations. She is a Visiting Faculty for the subjects of Food Science and Nutrition at Colleges of Mumbai and has Papers and Articles Published in Peer Reviewed Journals. Hon Member-Media Committee Shivani Thakur Hon's in food technology, master's in dietetics, certified in gastrointestinal nutrition from IAPEN India, certified diabetic educator from IAPEN India. 2 year work experience in oncology. Complete different projects in 1. childhood obesity: a rising health problem 2. Prevalence of gastroesophageal reflux among community 3. Prevalence of diabetic foot disease among diabetic patients Completed 8- lll( life long learning) courses from europian society for clinical Nutrition and metabolism Hon Member-Media Committee Rasalika Agrawal She hails from Patna, Bihar. She has completed her Graduation from Lovely Professional University, Jalandhar with the subject (Nutrition & Dietetics) At present, she is pursuing her master’s from Indira Gandhi National Open University in (Dietetics and Food Service Management). She has few exposures to the working environment of dietetics department of hospitals. And since July 2020, she is working with IAPEN core group(Nutrition and Diabetes) as a Social Media Committee Member with a vision and mission of educating more and more people about the disease and its management to make this society a “Diabetic free” society. Hon Member-Media Committee Ms. Eeshanee Ganopadhyay [M.Sc., PGDD, CDE, PGDADCC, SSN] (Chief Dietitian & Diabetes Educator of Dr. Utsa Basu’s Clinic, Kolkata, Consultant Dietitian & CDE, Horizon Lifeline Multispecialty Hospital, Kolkata) I have around 5 years experience in the field of Nutrition & Dietetics practice. I have completed B.Sc (Hons.) (2010-13) Food & Nutrition from University Of Calcutta. I did M.Sc. In Applied Nutrition from All India Institute of Hygiene & Public Health under The West Bengal University of Health Sciences (2013-15) & Diploma In Dietetics (2015-16) (A.I.I.H & P.H , W.B.U.H.S) and Certified Diabetes Educator (CDE) From(Diabetes Empowerment Education Programme (DEEP) By Diabetes Awareness & You – DAY ), Kolkata, WB. I did PG Dip in Advance Diabetes Care & Co-morbidities from Royal College of Physician, U.K. I did Specialization in Sports Nutrition from ISSA- International Sports science Association, U.S.A. At present I am associated as a Life Member of RSSDI (Research Society for the Study of Diabetes in India – Associate Membership No: 7621), Life Member of IAPEN INDIA (MEM NO: LM - 2021 - 132), and Life member of Diabetes Awareness & You (DAY).My study was awarded in ICNC -2019 by IAPEN. I have worked & experienced in the various field of Nutrition from starting to Clinical Nutrition, Obesity & Metabolic Disorders, Sports & Fitness Nutrition.. FROM LT TO RT- ROW 1- Dr Seshiah, Dr A P Selvam, Usha P, Dr Shilpa Varma, Dr Mansi Patil, Dr Shiva Kumar, Shilpa Joshi, Safal Mahadik, Rita Patil, Ranu Singh ROW 2- Dr Divya Chaudhary, Zankhana Shetty, Datta Patel, Anupriya Sharma, Fatima Radhanpurwala, Arti Kumari, Bhakti Samant, Sucharita Sengupta, Apeksha Thakkar, Shweta Singh ROW 3- Shruti Bharadwaj, Arti Nalawade, Priyanka Sadhukhan, Sirisha Boddepalli, Aninditha Ghosh, Sheetal Joshi, Shilpa Chadha Thakur, Usha P, Bansari Rao , Dr Trishita Issar, Azam Khan ROW 4- Mahvish Raza, Nidhi Kaku, Aparna Tandon, Phebe Vinodhini, Kiran Mai, Tina Saha, Rameesa N, Rasalika Agrawal, Vidhyapriya R, Nomi Mohan, Anuradha Sharma ×