Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Delhi Chapter IAPEN INDIA Association > Delhi Chapter IAPEN India Delhi Chapter Hon. President Dr Nihar Ranjan Dash M.B.B.S. M.D./ M.S Professor, Gastrointestinal Surgery and Liver Transplant, AIIMS, New Delhi Research Papers -67 Chapter in Books- 6 , Abstracts in Journal: 76 Memberships: IMA ,Association of Surgeons of India(ASI), Association of Minimal Access Surgeons of India(AMASI), International Hepato Pancreatico Biliary Association (I HPBA), International Society for Diseases of Esophagus (ISDE),Web committee (ISDE) Other positions National /International bodies and institutions: • President-The Ostomy Society (Since 2010 continuing) • Visiting and operating professor, Oregon state Medical University, Portland USA. • Web committee member of International Society for Diseases of Oesophagus(ISDE) and updating the website of ISDE on quarterly advances in esophageal cancer since 2015-16 • Subject Expert to The high level FDC committee Drug controller of India Since Jan 2016 • Subject expert to the high level SEC committee under the aegis of Drug controller of India Since Feb 2016 • Reviewer: 1. European Journal of Radiology (Impact factor 4) 2. Pancreas 3. BMC Gastroenterology 4. Tropical gastroenterology 5. Annals of Clinical Cytology and Pathology 6. BMC Surgery • Member of editorial board: Journal of IGIMS( Completing 2 years) • Guest editor: “International Conference on Recent Trends in Engineering, Science and Technology-2016” • Guest editor for a special issue on NTMY infections : Biomedical Research International. • Technical expert: Liver Transplant: CGHS, Government of India. • Technical expert in laparoscopy for IGIMS, Patna.2012. • Subject and technical expert to AIIMS Bhubaneswar and NIGHRIMS. • Subject expert: Prasna India ( Online question answer forum in Surgery) • Examiner to Mch candidates • Examiner National Board of Examinations, DNB Gastrointestinal surgery • Regular feature in National TV public health programs Awards: IMA Dr D.S. Munagekar Award for best research work Hon. Vice President Anita Jatana Consultant Dietetics Indraprastha Apollo Hospital, Delhi Convenor Delhi Chapter Indian Dietetic Association (2019-2021) Convenor of NetProFan an initiative of FSSAI Have 45 years of experience in the field of nutrition Was awarded a Scroll of honor for professional achievement in Lady Irwin College Awarded for outstanding contribution to the field of Dietetics at the 75th Founder's Day Awarded a Lifetime Achievement award by the LICAA for dedicated contributions in the field of dietetics on Feb 2023 A CertifiedDdiabetic educator and ESPEN LLL courses on Renal, Critical care, Parenteral, Cancer, Liver, COPD, Pulmonary and Certificate on Fodmap Diet from Monash University Have submitted more than 100 scientific papers at different platforms Edited a book "Apollo Clinical Nutrition Handbook" and contributed chapters in various books Curated a Book "My Food My Health" Hon. Secretary Ms. Shilpa Chadha Thakur • "Hon Member of The Working Committee" of Nutrition and Diabetes, Core Group IAPEN, India. • M.Sc. (Food and Nutrition), P.G. Diploma in Nutrition & Dietetics with over 24 yrs of experience in the field of nutrition. • Diabetic Educator &., Trained Bariatric Nutritionist ( practicing since 2005 onwards ) • Certified in FODMAP Diets from Monash University, Australia. • "HACCP" Certificate issued by British Standards Institution, LONDON for Successfully completing 'Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points Implementation & Documentation Workshop' delivered by BSI India Private Limited. • Advanced Certificate Course in "Applied Enteral Pharmaconutrition in Critical Care “ • Advance Certificate Course in “Oncology Nutrition” Renal Nutrition, Nutrition Support in ICU, Nutrition Assessment & Techniques & Approach to Oral & Enteral Nutrition under LLL program by ESPEN. • Master Trainer in SNF @ Health & wellness Coordinator from FSSAI • Presented many research papers at National & International conference. • Chief Consultant for a best selling book published by CallawindPublication Inc., Canada "The Spice is Right" by Monica Bhide. It is one of the best selling books in US was highly appreciated and recognised. • Speaker for the TV channel Rajya Sabha, IBN 7 and Delhi Aaj Tak for various talks on Nutrition and related topics. • The Ex-President of US, Mr. Bill Clinton was offered food at Bukhara Restaurant, at Delhi and the nutrition count of the food offered to him was based on the calculation and recommendation done in the Indian Recipes Book 'Spice is Right' by me. • Advisory Board member to many nutrition Companies • Nutrition Course coordinator and external examiner for many Universities. • Worked on a project for WHO “Nutrition for staff Health” • Worked as an nutrition faculty in nursing college • Life member with IDA, IAPEN, IFSO, NSI, ADE etc Hon. Treasurer Somya Shrivastava • Head-Clinical Nutritionist, Max Healthcare Super Speciality Hospital, Saket, New-Delhi • Treasurer, Delhi Chapter, The Indian Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (IAPEN) • Clinical Nutritionist with extensive experience of 14 years, specializing in Critical Care Nutrition. • Trained and practicing Bariatric Nutritionist. • Certificate Course in Critical Care Nutrition from IAPEN, • Certificate Course in Sports Nutrition from- ISSA, California and • Low FODMAP Diet from Monash University. • Presented various research papers at National and International level. • Recent paper published and won first prize was on topic: Nutritional Assessment in Critical Care: Comparing the Modified Nutrition Risk in Critically ill (mNUTRIC) with the Patient-Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PG-SGA) in Mechanically Ventilated Critical Care Patients Hon Jt. Secretary Bindu Bhatia Ms. Binu Bhatia, AGM- Nutrition (Research & Development) at Steadfast Nutrition dealing with premium sports nutrition and wellness. Previously worked as Assistant Professor in the Department of Nutrition & Dietetics, Faculty of Applied Science, Manav Rachna International University, Faridabad with over 13.1 years of teaching/research and 3.6 years of clinical experience. She is the recipient of “BEST PRESIDENT POSTER AWARD” at 44th Annual National conference of Indian Dietetic Association, AIIMS, New Delhi, 3-5 Nov. 2011.Was on the editorial board of Heal-India Magazine under Via Media & Communications Pvt Ltd., New Delhi. Her research interests include public health nutrition, therapeutic nutrition, nutrition education, childhood obesity and junk food, food product development ,neutraceuticals etc. She has guided more than 25 M. Sc. Dissertation. She has presented papers at numerous national and international conferences and has more than 14 research paper publications in various journals along with 25 article publications in health magazines and dailies such as Deccan Herald, Delhi Times etc. to her credit. She was Principal Investigator for the one-year project by “FSSAI” on The “Safe and Nutritious Food For Schools” funded by PEPSICO INDIA HOLDINGS PRIVATE LTD.(2017-2018) She has delivered several guest lectures as invited speaker, radio talks, participated in live programmes, career counseling for Community Radio Station RMR 107.8 and other FM and TV channels. She has organized and coordinated various National and International Conferences, Seminars and Workshops. She is a member of several academic bodies including the Nutrition Society of India and Indian Dietetic Association, the Indian Society for Parental & Enteral Nutrition. She had held the post of Executive Member of Indian Dietetic Association, Delhi Chapter (April 2011-2014) and as Joint Secretary, Indian Dietetic Association, Delhi Chapter (2015-2018). Executive Committee Member Ms MANJU PANDA Sr. Diabetes Educator & Nutritionist Master trainner for Project HOPE Certified Insulin Pump Trainer Diabetes Services Incharge & Programme Manager MAX Super Speciality Hospital,Saket Dept .Institute of Endocrinology & Metabolism Experience of 25+ years Affiliated with Max Super Speciality Hospital, Saket since 15 years. Executive Committee Member Ms. Sandhya Pandey M.Sc. Foods and Nutrition PG Diploma in Population & Health Management, Certified Diabetes Educator I have been working in the field Clinical Nutrition and dietetics with a career span of over 23 years. Currently working as Prior to joining Medanta, I have worked with several prestigious institutes and hospitals like Fortis memorial research institute, Columbia Asia hospital, Max hospital, Indrapastha Apollo hospital. Have worked as Nutritionist and Researcher at Center for micronutrient research for a project of John Hopkins University, Baltimore, USA Have an experience of extensively working in the quality assurance programs like ISO 9001-2000, NABH and JCI in the hospital as well. Keep myself updating and upgrading by participating in National and international conference and doing certification courses like LLL ESPEN course on various topics like critical care nutrition, surgical nutrition, renal, Onco nutrition, nutritional assessment, metabolic syndrome, obesity, Diabetes and dyslipidemia, sports Nutrition, pulmonary disorders etc. Executive Committee Member Dr Divya Choudhary More than Eighteen years of diversified progressive experience in healthcare industry Currently working as Chief Dietician , Rajiv Gandhi Cancer lnstitue & Research Centre, New Delhi Education: - Ph.D in nutrition. (Delhi University) Degree awarded by former president of India Late Shri Pranab Mukherjee - Ms.C (Foods & Nutrition), Delhi University Memberships: - Life member of IDA - Life member of IAPEN - Member of MASCC (Multinational Association of Supportive Care in Cancer) - Member of the guidelines and research committee of IAPEN core group of Nutrition & Diabetes & Renal, India Awards: Outstanding Performer of the year(2019), RGCI Excellence in Medical Nutrition Therapy (2020), IAPEN Executive Committee Member Dr. Neha Bakshi • Assistant Professor at the Department of Food and Nutrition, Lady Irwin College. • More than six years of experience in academics. • Awarded with Ph.D. degree in the field of Nutrition in Liver Transplantation.Masters in Foods and Nutrition from Lady Irwin College, University of Delhi. • A work experience of more than 3 years as a Dietician in eminent multispecialty hospitals. • Have many research publications in national and international journals and have authored various chapters in Books. • Certified trainer for food safety by FSSAI and also certified by NIDA for good clinical practice. Have been a trainer and jury at National Abilympics Association of India. • Area of interest is clinical nutrition and planning nutrition strategies for prevention and treatment of disease conditions. Executive Committee Member Ms Swati Srivastava Senior Clinical Dietitian with 11 years of experience in helping hospital in and out patients, handle chronic medical problems through effective nutrition. Successfully educated patients and families, completed assessments and planned menus as per their requirements. Strong communicator with outstanding active listening skills. Work History: •Indraprastha Apollo Hospital, Dietician, January 2011 to till date •SitaramBhartia Institute of Science and Research, JRF, May- December 2010 Accomplishments: Presented Paper on “Propionic Acidemia’’ at IDA (Indian Dietetic Association) conference 2014 and AICNU (Apollo International clinical nutrition update) 2015 and got prize. Completed study on "Outcome of Nutritional Intervention on Longstay Patient". Completed study on "To study the nutritional status and patient outcome after liver transplantation using subjective global assessment (SGA) tool“ Certification: Diabetes Educator by AACME Life-time member of IDA Certificates of participation in several CNU. Executive member of IAPEN Delhi. Please contact us on email id : secretaryiapendelhi@gmail.com ×