Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Core Groups IAPEN INDIA Association > ERAS Core Group ERAS (A CORE GROUP OF IAPEN INDIA) ERAS (Enhanced recovery after surgery) A core group of IAPEN INDIA aims to promote the global exchange of science regarding physiological (metabolic and stress response) and psychological changes associated with major surgeries to Multi disciplinary professionals thereby improving the quality and safety in perioperative care in all surgical fields. Our mission is to improve the perioperative care and post operative recovery through research, education , audit and implementation of evidence based practices. Mentor : Dr. P.C. Vijayakumar – Hon. Chairperson DA.DNB.MNAMS. Director-Academics, Chief Anaesthesiologist and Critical Care Physician Consultant Clinical Nutrition Consultant Pain and Palliative Care Bronchoscopist And astute professional with over 30 years of experience in Anaesthesia, Critical Care, Pain Relief Procedures, Clinical Nutrition and Bronchoscopy! He is the Director-Academics and chief anaesthesiologist and critical care physician of Sooriya Hospital, Chennai. He was Honorary physician of Honourable His Excellency Governor of Tamil Nadu. He is the Honorary National President of IAPEN INDIA - A Parental and Enteral Society (PEN) of India. He has expertise in enteral, parental and home TPN. His special interest is in immunonutrition. Skilled in anaesthetizing patient for surgical l procedures and excellent preoperative physician with strong belief in ERAS protocols in enhancing recovery after surgeries. Highly skilled in difficult airway management both in adults & paediatrics. In his ICU all the tracheostomies done are percutaneous and most of them are under bronchoscopic guidance. Submental intubations was introduced very early in Indian practice by him. He is bronchoscopist and does both diagnostic and therapeutic bronchoscopies. Acknowledged as an Expert in Anaesthesia and Critical Care and a Good Speaker and Lecturer! Chief program officer Dr.Somashekhar.S.P MBBS, MS, MCh(Onco), FRCS.Edinburgh Chairman, Oncology, Manipal Cancer Center HOD department of Surgical & Gynec. Oncology Manipal Comprenensive Cancer Center, Manipal University , Manipal Hospital, Bangalore, India Director HIPEC & PIPAC programme Director of Gyneacological oncology fellowship, Manipal university Director of Manipal University Breast Oncoplasty surgery Fellowship Director Robotic surgery Fellowship programme Manipal University MCh- Oncosurgery from Regional Cancer Center, Ahmedabad with University Gold Medal Fellow of Royal college Of surgeons from Edinburgh Recipient of Gujarat university GOLD MEDAL and record holder Director of Manipal University Gunec Onco Fellowship. Programme Member Board of Studies Manipal University PRESIDENT ABSI Association Of Breast Surgeons Of India Editor In Chief , Springer Indian Journal of Gynec Onco Editor Annals Of Breast Diseases Journal EC council member PSOGI ( Peritoneal Surface Oncology Group International) Council member ISSPP : International Society Study of Peritoneum and Pleural Council member AGOI: Association of Gynec Oncology India Hon. secretery ISPSM Indian Society Of Peritoneal Surface Malignancy Founding Member CRSA-I Clinical Robotic Surgeons Association India Intutive Surgicals Robotics training Mentor Has been awarded prestigious Dr.D.D.Patel Gold Medal for excellency in Oncosurgery ; Author of several text books of Oncology Director Board of Studies, Manipal University, Manipal Hospital Has over 300 publications in International and National Journals Is Professor and HOD, Department of Surgical Oncology & Gynec oncology Manipal Cancer Center, Bangalore and Robotic surgeon and Chairman oncology Manipal Health Enterprise Email: somashekhar.sp@manipalhospitals.com . somusp@yahoo.com Program officer Dr Latha Poopandian MBBS,DA,EDAIC,CCEBDM. An enthusiastic professional with 8 years of experience in the field of Anaesthesia and Intensive care, currently working as a junior consultant in the Department of Anaesthesia & Intensive care in Sooriya hospital, Chennai. She is a Executive committee member of IAPEN INDIA Chennai chapter. She got certified in critical care nutrition and getting expertized in practicing Parenteral, Enteral & SPN, SEN over last 7 years. Having certified in diabetology, she is also practicing general as well as critical care diabetology. Currently practicing ERAS protocols in all surgical patients and creating awareness about all elements of eras to the team involved in perioperative care Email: drlathulu@gmail.com Member Susan Itty (Chief Clinical Nutritionist at Aster Medcity, Kochi.) MSc (Food service management and Dietetics ) 17 yrs of experience in Multi-speciality Hospitals. Certified in Nutrigenomics Advanced certificate course in “Approach to Oral & Enteral Nutrition in Adult” under LLL program by ESPEN Advanced certificate course in “Nutrition Assessment & Techniques” under LLL program by ESPEN National Award Winner “Excellence in Therapeutic Food Service Management “by IAPEN Hon member of Indian Dietetics association (IDA). Hon, General Secretary for Association of Evidence based Dietetics and Nutrition (AEDAN) Hon Secretary – Cochin Chapter, Indian Association of Parental and Enteral Nutrition (IAPEN) Previously associated with (In Charge Clinical Dietician) Narayana Health Bangalore, St Johns Medical College Bangalore Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiac Science Bangalore Government Medical College Kottayam, Kerala Write ups in health magazines and dailies. Speaker in TV shows on Nutrition and related topics. Member Dr. Ashutosh Kumar Sharma MBBS,MD(HA),M.Med (Family Medicine) PG Dip Sonography, CCEBDM CEO at Sharma Family Medicine & Palliative care , Lucknow - Fellow of Palliative Care, IPM (Institute of Palliative Medicine- Calicut) - Best Paper &Recipient of GOLD medal at VMMC, Safdarjung - Recipient of GOLD medal for Excellence in Research at AIMS, Kochi. - EC Member IST (Indian society of Toxicology) - EC Member IMA, Lucknow(Indian Medical Association) - Founding Member of IAPEN - Vice President & Ex-Secretary of IAPEN, Lucknow Chapter - Vice president, Media & Law – Resident Doctors Association (KGMU). Lucknow Ex-Program Coordinator for ERAS & Regional Coordinator for IAPEN Kerala State Chairperson of IMSA, Kerala(Indian Medical Association of India) Recognised coder of Millennium death Study by CGHR, Bangalore Life Member of IST, IMA, IAPC(Indian association of palliative care), SSOI(Sonological society of India),IAP(Indian Academy of Paediatrics), AHA(Academy of Hospital administration) I am Hospital administrator and compassionate family physician having special interest in Cardiology, Diabetes, Hypertension, Palliative care, Geriatric care, Clinical nutrition &Toxicology and application of sonography. I have done my MBBS from AIMS, Kochi, MD(hospital Administration) from KGMU, Lucknow, Masters in family Medicine (CMC, Vellore) and Palliative care from IPM, Calicut . Currently practicing in Rural area as Medical officer in Provincial Medical services. My aim to serve the community by developing community volunteer. Motto is “Refer less, Resolve More” - Media Mehar Jamil (consultant dietician, Roshan hospital, Bhopal) She is a consultant in nutrition and dietetics. Done her post graduate degree of masters in Foods and Nutrition. She has 8 years of experience in the field of Nutrition. She is a Certified ICCN (IAPEN certified clinical nutritionist) and done her specialization in Surgical Nutrition. She has a very extensive range of experience in therapeutic nutrition for all kinds of patients including critically ill patients. She is actively involved in promoting nutrition awareness through talks, media & programs. She has organized various nutrition events and awareness camps. Secretary Bhopal chapter – IAPEN India. Email: meharjamil1990@gmail.com ×