Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Core Groups IAPEN INDIA Association > Fertility and Maternal Nutrition IAPEN INDIA CORE GROUP : Fertility & Maternal Nutrition About the Iapen India Fertility & Maternal Nutrition Core Group Aim: To advance evidence-based fertility and maternal nutrition practices for women that improve reproductive, maternal, and intergenerational health outcomes through rigorous research, education, and culturally sensitive guidance. Vision : Empower every woman with knowledge, resources, and culturally resonant nutrition to achieve optimal fertility and maternal health. Mission : To integrate modern nutritional science with cultural wisdom, guiding families toward practices that nurture fertility, sustain maternal well-being, and honor generational knowledge. To foster a holistic approach to fertility and maternal nutrition through collaboration, capacity building, evidence-driven practices and policy advocacy. Meet The Team: Mentor Dr. Pallavi Chandra Ravula MS (OBGYN) Current Position: Consultant & Head – Obstetrics | Fernandez Hospital, Hyderabad - A high-volume tertiary perinatal center - 13+ years of experience in high-risk obstetrics, labour ward safety & quality improvement Academic & Research Impact - 25+ peer-reviewed publications (JOGI, BJOG, J Perinat Med, Cureus, IJP) - Research focus: Stillbirth prevention, maternal near-miss, preeclampsia, obesity in pregnancy, fetal growth & CTG - Lead investigator for Fernandez Birth Cohort (10-year data) - National faculty for GAP, CTG, PPH, Labour Analgesia & MOMS workshops - Guide / Co-guide for DNB students - Contributor to textbooks & critical care manuals Awards & Recognition - Laerdal Global Foundation Awardee (2024) - Multiple Best Paper & Best Poster Awards (RCOG, Stillbirth Conference, OBSMED) - Vision : Safer births through data-driven care, skilled teams & respectful maternity services Chief Program Officer Dr. Bharathi Kulkarni PhD ( Foods and Nutrition) Current Position: Chief Nutritionist and Head of the Department of Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics at Fernandez Hospital, Hyderabad Experience: 25 years of clinical practice. Certified in Low FODMAP Diets (Monash Univ, Australia) Faculty and Research guide to PhD and post-graduate students Member of the Board of PG & UG Studies, Osmania University . Member Secretary of the IRB(Ethics Committee) of Fernandez Hospital Areas of specialization – Maternal and Child Nutrition, Gestational Diabetes, Nutrition in High-risk pregnancy and multifetal pregnancies, PCOD ,Therapeutic Lifestyle Management for weight loss for children and adults, Diabetes, Cardiovascular diseases, GI disorders Awards : Young Scientist Award of Nutrition Society of India(NSI) in 1997. Awards for presentations at the National Conference of Indian Dietetic Association (IDA) and at the International Congress of Dietetics, Sydney and the RND Sadhna Award – 2020 in the category of Clinical Nutrition. Has been awarded Excellence Awards By IAPEN India Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition IAPEN- Feb 2025. Publications: In peer-reviewed journals, As subject expert In print and visual media Contributed Book Chapters - - “Nutrition In Critically Ill Parturient” in Principles in Critical Care Nutrition by ISCCM, 2018 - Clinical Dietetics Manual – 2nd edition by Indian Dietetic Association, 2018 - Child Nutrition in Health and Illness, 1st Edition, 2024- A basic practical manual Advisor Dr. Bharathi Kulkarni MBBS, DCH, MPH, PhD, FAMS Director, ICMR- National Institute of Nutrition Dep. Of Health Research, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Govt of India. Indian Council of Medical Research-National Institute of Nutrition (ICMR-NIN), a premier nutrition research institution in India is committed to advancing the science of nutrition and addressing public health challenges in India and beyond. Program Officer Dr Sindhu S 22+ years of clinical experience in the field of nutrition and dietetics Registered Dietitian, IDA and PhD in Food Service Management and Dietetics, Avinashilingam Deemed University. President, Association for Evidence based Dietetics and Nutrition (AEDAN) – a non-profit registered society formed for and by the dietitians in Ernakulam. Currently working as Senior Dietitian, Ernakulam Medical Centre, Kochi Certified in Diabetes Educator, FODMAP, Counselling Psychology, QCI approved FSMS Level IV training and Sports and Performance Nutrition Worked in various capacities as a Dietitian at Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences and Research Centre, Kochi and Apollo Hospitals, Greams Road, Chennai and as the Chief Dietitian at Medical Trust Hospital, Kochi for over 8 years. Faculty for MSc. Nutrition and Dietetics, at Vimala College, Thrissur, B.Sc Nursing , Medical Trust Institute for Medical Sciences and Ayurveda Map, Workshop for Ayurveda doctors. Published, presented papers and awarded best oral paper presentations at national and international conferences IAPEN Excellence Award for Nutrition Research 2023 and IAPEN Excellence Award for Nutrition Innovation 2025 Areas of Interest : Maternal and Paediatric Nutrition, MNT in Critical Care, GI and Lifestyle disorders. Executive Member Ms. Anuja Amit Mohile A UGC-NET qualified nutritionist, academician, and researcher with over a decade of teaching experience in higher education and five years of clinical counselling practice. Currently pursuing a PhD in Pediatric Nutrition, she serves as a Visiting Assistant Professor at SNDT Women’s University, where she teaches Medical Nutrition Therapy (MNT), Macronutrients, and Public Health Nutrition at the postgraduate level. She also holds the position of Program Consultant at the Texas School of Mental Health, specialising in Psycho-Onco Nutrition, Psycho-Obesity, and Menopause-related mental and metabolic nutrition ("Menominds"). An advocate for translational nutrition science, Ms. Mohile has been instrumental in bridging curriculum and practice by introducing nutrigenomics at the MSc level at Symbiosis Skills and Professional University. In her early days, she contributed to the development of a nutrition app for a year. An experienced health coach, having worked with GOQii, where she managed over 100 clients daily and maintained a 4.6/5 rating. Her extensive teaching affiliations include Symbiosis Skills and Professional University (where she served as Program In-Charge), SNDT Women’s University, VLCC Institute (recipient of the Best Nutrition Faculty Award – 2010), and Armed Forces Medical College during the COVID period. She is a certified Diabetes Educator – International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and Nutrigenomic expert and has published five scopus indexed research papers and has presented papers and won awards at national and international conferences. Executive MemberResearch Co-ordinator Dr Deepa Thangamani MD, DNB. MRCOG, FRCOG, FICOG Consultant Apollo Firstmed Hospitals, Chennai Areas of Special Interest: CTG Masterclasses, Advanced Labour Ward Management, Minimally Invasive Gynaecologic Surgery ( MIGS) Has worked in various capacities as - Secretary, The Association of Tamilnadu members of royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (ATNRCOG) 2024-2026, - Secretary, Chennai Menopause Society (CMS), 2025-2027, Executive Committee. The Obstetric and - Gynaecological Society of Southern India (OGSSI), 2024-2026, Clinical Examiner for Part 3 MRCOG, since 2019, Fellow representative AICC RCOG South, International representative Committee, London (2024-2027), Convenor, TNFOG Master class on Advanced Labour Ward Management, Chairperson OGSSI Clinical Research and Quiz Committee, 2024-2026, - Moderator, CTG/LCG /Partogram OGSSI Monthly Webinar -2025-2026 Executive Member Dr Krupa Patalay MBBS, MD, FICOG Senior Consultant and Head – Dept of Gynaecology, Fernandez Hospital, Hyderabad - Recipient of Best Teacher Award from NBE, - Laparoscopic Surgeon Areas of Interest : - Minimal invasive surgery - Menopause medicine -Adolescent Gynecology Executive Member Dr Matheen Asrar A Doctorate in Nutrition from the Osmania University, Hyderabad; is a registered dietitian, certified in sports and fitness nutrition and also has a diploma in Hospital Administration., Certified Diabetes Educator and FODMAP ( Monash). Affiliations: Head- Department of Nutrition and lifestyle management at Shenoy Hospitals and Mamata Fertility Hospital, Secunderabad, May 2021 to date Visiting Consultant and Assistant Professor; having more than 22 years of experience. She has worked with hospitals in Delhi, was Dietitian at the American Medical Center, Moscow; was employed with Apollo hospitals Hyderabad, Lotus Hospital for children and consulted at multispeciality hospitals, Assistant professor of Food Science and Nutrition. She has written articles in her field of interest and has been interviewed by leading magazines including ‘Vogue’ and ‘Harper’s Bazaar’. She is a regular speaker at National and International conferences; has appeared as a guest on TV, got the Grand Queens Leadership Award for Women’s Day- 2021. She is also the Winner of 2 titles- ‘Beauty with brains’, ‘International Icon ’at Mrs. India-one in a million December 2021. She has been awarded ‘Best Woman Nutritionist of the year’ l 2022, Healthcare personality of the year - 2023., Alchemist of Appetite award- 2025. Executive Member Dr Teena Anne Joy Senior Consultant - Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Minimally Invasive & Robotic Gynaecology, Aster Medicity, Kochi Fellowship (FICRS), MRCOG (UK), DMAS -including basic Robotic Surgery, FMAS, DNB, MS in Obstetrics & Gynaecology Dr. Teena Anne Joy is trained to perform all procedures in obstetrics and gynaecology, including open surgeries and minimal access surgeries like hysteroscopy and laparoscopy. With extensive experience in gynaecologic and obstetric ultrasonography, she is also trained in infertility management and has also published several research papers Areas of interest: - laparoscopic surgery and management of high-risk pregnancies - Member of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (UK)Fellowship and Diploma in Minimal Access Surgery including basic training in robotic surgery - Advanced training in obstetric and gynaecologic ultrasonography and obstetric doppler - High Risk Pregnancy Postgraduate Course by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists Executive Member Sahaya Sanjula Mary A Clinical Dietitian with 10+ years of experience with focus on Maternal and Child Health. MSc. Clinical Nutrition Current Affiliation: - Clinical Dietician , Apollo Women’s Hospital Field Of Interest : Nutrition in PCOS, Paediatric Nutrition, Maternal and Child Health, Research work Skills in assessing and nutritionally managing pediatric conditions INTERNSHIP TRAINING / CERTIFIED COURSES/ CONFERENCES ESPEN LLL: Courses in Nutritional Support in perioperative period, in cancer, in Renal Disease and Nutritional Assessment and Techniques. Nutrition Focused Physical Examination-Apollo International Clinical Nutrition Update Internship Training at Voluntary Health Service, Chennai and Field Practice Training Programme, Chennai (2009). RD Internship Training at Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital, Chennai Multiple conferences in and around the nation focusing on nutrition and dietetics Professional Society Memberships Life Member of Indian Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition 2020, ESPEN Block Membership 2022, The Association of Diabetes Educators (ADE), India 2019, Life Member of Indian Dietetic Association from 2012 Executive Member Ms Rekha D Current Affiliation: Senior Clinical Dietitian and Head Department of Dietetics, Apollo First Med Hospitals, Chennai(since 2012 till date) Masters in Food Service Management and Dietetics, Registered Dietitian, and a Certified Diabetes Educator with over 21 years of Clinical experience in the field of Nutrition and Dietetics ESPEN LLL trained in Critical Care Nutrition, Nutrition in Obesity, Nutrition in Metabolic syndrome, Nutrition Assessment techniques and Nutrition in Cancer 2021-24 Recognised for the team work and received the" best of best award" for evidence based nutrition practices in International Nutrition Survey in the management of Critically ill patients Received the IAPEN Excellence award for Medical Nutrition practice 2023 and IAPEN Excellence award for Therapeutic Food Service Management 2025 Areas of Interest : Critical Care Nutrition, Maternal Nutrition, Obesity & Weight management Please contact us on Email ID : maternalnutricore.iapen@gmail.com ×