Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Core Groups IAPEN INDIA Association > Hypertension Core Group IAPEN INDIA CORE GROUP : HYPERTENSION May Measurement Month (MMM-2022) Greetings All, The Hypertension and Nutrition Core Group of IAPEN India is glad to invite you to the May Measurement month 2022, the world’s largest opportunistic BP screening campaign. We are an integral part of this international campaign and have been invited by the International Society of Hypertension to lead the campaign in India. You can be a part of this campaign and conduct camps, BP screenings in public places, establish screening points for patients and their relatives in hospitals and clinics etc. Kindly find the resources for conducting the campaign with this email. Please reach out to us at iapenhypertension@gmail.com for further information. Info on MMM- May Measurement Month (MMM) was launched in 2017. Built around World Hypertension Day, it has expanded up to several weeks of global BP measurement with the aim of: – raising awareness o f health issues surrounding hi gh blood pressure, and – collecting unique global scientific data to help governments to improve local BP screening facilities and associated health policies . Hypertension is the number one risk factor for global death. Around 10.8 million people die each year due to raised blood pressure, but it cannot be treated unless it is detected. According to the latest global epidemiological data, less than half of people who have high blood pressure actually know they have it, despite the fact that detectio n is very simple. We are improving awareness by helping people to get their blood pressure checked every May, completely free, all across the world. With a quick arm squeeze, we could save millions of lives. Be a part of it. Join in #TheBigSqueeze! Please find the participation form attached for data collection — https://forms.gle/ NSfEzePSCcYazxKw9 Please reach out to us at iapenhypertension@gmail.com IAPEN HYPERTENSION CORE COMMITTEE DETAILS 1. MEMBERS 2. COURSE 3. ACTIVITIES Meet The Team: Chief Program Officer Dr. Mansi Patil- Experienced National Joint Secretary of Indian Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital & health care industry. Skilled in Clinical Research, Medicine, Nutrition, and Healthcare Information Technology (HIT). Strong operations professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) focused on Health, Safety and Environment from University of Petroleum and Energy Studies Program Secretary Ms Somya Shrivastava Head-Clinical Nutritionist, Max Healthcare Super Speciality Hospital, Saket, New-Delhi Treasurer, Delhi Chapter (IAPEN) I am a practicing Clinical Nutritionist with extensive experience of 14 years, specializing in Critical Care Nutrition as special interest. Apart from this i am also a trained and practicing Bariatric Nutritionist. I have done M.Sc in Food and Nutrition, further which I did Post Graduate Certificate in Diabetes Education Project, HOPE, Certificate Course in Pediatric Nutrition, Certificate Course in Critical Care Nutrition from IAPEN, Certificate Course in Sports Nutrition from- ISSA, California to name a few and latest one being Low FODMAP Diet from Monash University. I have also presented various research papers at National and International level.The most recent paper which got published and won first prize was on topic: Nutritional Assessment in Critical Care: Comparing the Modified Nutrition Risk in Critically ill (mNUTRIC) with the Patient-Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PG-SGA) in Mechanically Ventilated Critical Care Patients. I am active member of Indian Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (IAPEN) and member of European Society of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (ESPEN) Program Mentor Sushma Tiwari RD, DHA, CDE., Consultant Medical Nutrition Therapy, Secretary IAPEN Prayagraj Media Committee Member Meher Panjwani Clinical Dietitian, Writer, Speaker, IDA Mumbai, IAPEN Mumbai She has been practicing for over 20 years. She is a writer, speaker, certified diabetes educator, and a plant-based health and wellness consultant. She regularly contributes to the Times of India, Mumbai Mirror, and Rishimukh ie. the Art of Living magazine, journals, and periodicals across metros in India. Media Committee Member MSc. (F&N), PHD Research Scholar, Community Nutritionist. Certified Diabetes Educator from International Diabetes Federation, Belgium. Certified Mother & Child Nutritionist. Fellowship in Clinical Nutrition. Vice President of IAPEN-India LUCKNOW CHAPTER & Associated and member of various National & International organisations working in field of Nutrition. American Diabetes Association, Associate Member of American Society of Nutrition, IAPEN India, American Society of Nutrition, Indian Dietetics Association, Nutrition Society of India, Society of Renal Nutrition & Metabolism. Committee Member Dietitian, Government medical college kannauj U.P, Ex- Dietitian Prakhar hospital Kanpur, Certified Diabetes Educator by NDEP, Student of The Year 1st Runner-up, IAPEN Life Member Committee Member Subhash Yadav Consultant Clinical Dietician & Diabetes Educator Kanpur City, Uttar Pradesh, Owner of Our Centre - Dhairya Psychological Rehabilitation and Diet Counselling Centre, Kanpur. Master’s in nutrition in 2019 From UHIS CSJM Kanpur. Certified in Weight loss Nutritionist from Med varsity, Diabetes Educator (NDEP, Dr Mohan’s Academy) Course: THE HYPERTENSION CORE GROUP OF IAPEN HAS BEEN SUCCESSFULLY CONDUCTING A 3 MONTHS CERTIFICATE COURSE ON LIFESTYLE MANAGEMENT IN HYPERTENSION. Activities: 1. Workshop 2. In lieu of the unprecedented pandemic of Covid 19, an E-COMPETITION on Low Salt Advocacy was conducted under various categories as video, jingle, info graphics, recipe making, and articles to slogan writing. It received an overwhelming response of 50 candidates from all parts of India. 3. Participated in Children’s Art Competition conducted by World Hypertension League 4. May Month of Measurement Screening for Hypertension under MMM Camp held at Meerut on 18th June 2022 MMM Camp in Pune MMM Camp in Pune by Sanjali Ekatpure on 19th June 2022. Given nutritional guidance to all. ×