Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Lucknow Chapter IAPEN INDIA Association > Lucknow Chapter IAPEN India Lucknow Chapter Hon. President Dr Piyali Bhattacharya Consultant Pediatrician DCH, MD (Pediatrics), FIAP, FRCP(London) Sanjay Gandhi Post graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow Chairperson State AEFI Committee on Immunization, Uttar Pradesh Awarded Fellowship of the Royal College, London 2019 Awarded Fellowship of the Indian Academy of Pediatrics 2015 (Honours) (Awards) (Publications) awarded: 8 State Awards by U.P. IAP every year from 32nd to 37th &again in 39th UP PEDICON Hon. Vice President Rama Tripath Working as a Chief Dietitian in a SGPGIMS, Lucknow More than 24 year experience in the field of Clinical efield of Clinical Nutrition, specially in the field of Pediatrics, Nephrology, MRH, Hemato Oncho & Immuno nutrition. Offering an array of skills in clinical research, data analysis, nutrition education counseling, project development and management. Certified Diabetic Educator Actively involved in multidisciplinary developmental evaluation and many nutrition related research projects. Deliver talks in many conferences & workshops. Organized so many International, National Conferences & CME's. Research Publications in several National & international journals and write book chapters for CBSE Board students. GNOU S (Indira Gandhi National Open University), 'CFN' Course Coordinator. Member of Technical Advisory Committee (SAM) for U. P. of UNICEF.founding member & President of 'POSHAN DHARA ASSOCIATION'.Vice President, IAPEN, Lucknow Chapter. Life members of Nutrition society of India, Indian Society of Nephrology, IDA, IAPEN, Hon.Secretary Mrs. Mridul Vibha Ph.D. Scholar M.Sc. (Food Science & Nutrition), MBA (HR) Certified Diabetic Educator Senior Dietician King George's Medical University (KGMU), Lucknow Professional Experience Over a decade of expertise in clinical nutrition and dietetics. Specialized in therapeutic diets, focusing on diabetes management, cardiac care, and lifestyle disorders Extensive experience in patient counseling, ICU diet planning, and community nutrition programs. Leadership & Associations Co-founder & Secretary, Poshan Dhara Association Organizing Committee Member, SMWMCON 2024, KGMU Lucknow Media & Public Engagement Nutrition Expert at KGMU GOONJ (AakashWani) Designed and presented the program "Swath ki Rasoi for KGMU GOONj Executive Committee Member Sarita Iraj Senior Dietician/Assistant Professor Experience: 16+ years in clinical nutrition, therapeutic diet planning, teaching, and research. Current Role: Senior Dietician & Assistant Professor, Integral University (since Jan 2025) Founder & Clinical Dietician at Isaa Diet and Nutrition Care World. Past Roles: Chief Dietician, Jaslok Hospital (2010-2024); Assistant Professor, KNIPSS (2018-2024); Dietician, Sahara Hospital(2016-2017). Education: M.Sc. in Food, Nutrition & Dietetics; B.Sc. in Home Economics. 23 published research papers; multiple national seminar presentations and workshops. Specializations: Weight and diabetes management, thyroid and renal care, cardiovascular health, PCOS/PCOD, gastrointestinal disorders, bariatric and sports nutrition, therapeutic and clinical diets. Executive Committee Member Subhash Yadav Research Scholar Clinical Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, and Lifestyle Counsellor (Owner of Dhariya Psychological Rehabilitation and Diet Counselling Centre) With over five years of experience in nutrition counseling, diet planning, and lifestyle management. He holds a B.Sc. in Human Nutrition, an M.Sc. in Nutritional Science, and is pursuing a Ph.D. in Food and Nutrition. He has worked in hospitals, academic institutions, and corporate health sectors. He has authored and co-authored several publications, including book chapters in Handbook of Wellness, Healthy Nutrition, Health and Nature’s Wealth: Indigenous Methods for Managing Diabetes Mellitus, Celiac Disease: From Pathophysiology to Patient Care, and Public Health Nutrition: Challenges and Opportunities in the 21st Century. Executive Committee Member Rohit Yadav I am Dt. Rohit Yadav, a Dietitian & Certified Diabetes Educator (CMC Vellore, SPEED, NDEP) with a B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Nutrition Science. Currently working as a Senior Executive - Diabetes Educator in LucknowI have prior experience at Central Command Hospital Lucknow, Government Medical College Kannauj and Prakhar hospital Kanpur. I am also a Life Member of IAPEN India & Poshan Dhara Association, with a special interest in diabetes, clinical nutrition, sports nutrition and Community Nutrition Executive Committee Member Dr. Ashutosh Sharma I am Hospital administrator and compassionate family physician who have special interest in Cardiology,Diabetes, palliative care, Toxicology and sonography. I have done my MBBS from AIMS,Kochi, MD(hospital Administartion) from KGMU, Lucknow, Masters in family Medicine (CMC,Vellore) and Palliative care from IPM, Calicut . Life member of IMA, AHA IAP,AFPI, IST,SSOI and IAPC. Currently practicing in Cardiology dept of Medanta as clinical associate. My aim to serve the community by developing community volunteer. Motto is “Refer less, Resolve More” He is currently working in district women hospital basti Uttar Pradesh as Radiologist Please contact us on Email ID : iapenlucknow@gmail.com World Nutrition Day 2023 On World Nutrition Day Department of Hepatology SGPGI & IAPEN India Lucknow Chapter Organized a Workshop on Nutritional Assessment & Management in Patients with Liver Diseases Under the Guidance of Dr. Amit Goel Sir ( Professor & Head Department of Hepatology SGPSGIMS & Lucknow Chapter president).Event was chaired by Hon. Dr. RadhaKrishan Dhiman Sir, Director, (SGPGIMS),session was presided over by Dr.Ajay Mishra Sir & Dr. Surender Singh. On Occasion of World Hypertension Day a BP Screening camp was organized by IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter on 17th May 2023 To educate the masses and spread awareness about hypertension that is commonly known as high blood pressure. Camp was conducted at Kudiya Ghat,Chowk at 6:30 am .More than 70 people were screened A Workshop on Millets was organized with the theme “Millets for a Healthier Future “ at Integral Institute of Nursing Sciences & Research Department Of Nursing ,Integral Medical University. Around 90+ students attended session followed by Recipe competition. Innovative & healthy recipes prepared by students. 8 groups participated in Recipe Contest . Certificates of Achievement and Mementos were given to all 4 winning groups under the category of -Most Nutritious Recipe, Well Presented Recipe, Most Innovative Recipe & Nutritious & Well Presented Recipe. CNE on the topic "Essential Nutrients to Maximize Your Health” @ Integral Medical University @ 30th march 2023 Delivered a lecture and interacted with students of Nursing Department of INTEGRAL Medical University . 85 Student’s of Nursing had participated In the Session and Had a fruitful and Interactive session. Nutritional Awareness Session for parents @ Swami Vivekanand School on 23 February An interactive nutrition education program with children and their parents was conducted at Swami Vivekanand School on 23rd Feb 2023.Healthy eating in childhood is important for proper growth and development and to prevent various health conditions. The parents’ knowledge of the principles of children’s nutrition would enhance the right child development by protecting it from various health conditions and their implications in the future. It is important to provide nutrition education to families with pre school children. Photographs of IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter Relaunch IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter Relaunch Lamp Lightning Ceremony Lectures delivered by eminent speakers Dignitaries and delegates Lectures delivered by chairpersons and moderators Lectures delivered by chairpersons and moderators Felicitation Felicitation Felicitation IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter Team CNE at Medanta Hospital, Lucknow Brochure for Invitation & Promotion on Social Media Banner used in CNE Session by Prof. R. K. Sharma Director Nephrology Medanta Hospital Session by Ms. Himani Puri, Program Officer Renal Nutrition India, IAPEN INDIA Core Group. Session By Dr. Paritosh Thakur Medical Superintendent, Medanta Hospital, Lucknow Felicitation of Speakers & guests by IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter team. IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Team Participants from Medanta Hospital,Lucknow MMM Camp at Ekhana Medicare & Research center MMM (May Measurement Month) Screening and Awareness Camp was organized by IAPEN INDIA Lucknow chapter In Association with Ekana Medicare & Research Centre at Gomtinagar Extension Lucknow. Dr. Ashutosh Sharma (Vice President) Ms. Ranu Singh(Secretary) & Ms. Sarita Tripathi (Executive member) were present in this activity. Dr. Shivam Tripathi & his staff were actively involved in this activity. Screening of more then 50 person was done in this camp along with hypertension awareness session. IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter Team BP Screening and awareness session at Ekhana Medicare & Research center MMM Activity & Hypertension Awareness camp was organized by IAPEN INDIA Lucknow chapter in Association with Ekhana Medicare & Research Centre , at Village Gopalkheda Purseni (District-Raebareli). Ms. Ranu Singh (Secretary) & Ms. Sarita Tripathi (Executive member) were present on behalf of IAPEN INDIA Lucknow chapter. Dr. Shivam Tripathi along with Dr. A.K Shrivastava along with his team were present in this camp & Screening and counselling of more then 100 people was done in this camp. Under the aegis of IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter, Nutritional Awareness program was conducted at Government Model School at village Sohramau in District Unnao, in which importance of food and nutrition in daily life was communicated to students by Ms.Ranu Singh (Chapter Secretary) & they were also educated about healthy food and healthy eating habits. A quiz about nutrition and healthy eating was also organized & winners were awarded with prizes. Activity was organized in Association with Dr. Snehil Pandey(Youngest awardee of President medal) & This school was awarded by the Ministry of Education , Government of India. Photographs of various activities done by IAPEN INDIA Lucknow Chapter Team ×