Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Core Groups IAPEN INDIA Association > Metabolic Syndrome and Nutrition IAPEN INDIA CORE GROUP : Metabolic Syndrome and Nutrition About the IAPEN INDIA Metabolic Syndrome and Nutrition Core Group Aim : To advance evidence-based nutrition research, clinical practice, and community initiatives that prevent, manage, and reduce the burden of metabolic syndrome — with a specific focus on obesity, hypertension, and diabetes — through interdisciplinary research, collaboration and education. Vision: To be a national leader in transforming the understanding and application of nutrition in metabolic health — fostering a healthier India free from the escalating burden of obesity, hypertension, and diabetes through science-driven, collaborative, and preventive nutrition practices. Mission: To promote research-driven nutrition interventions addressing obesity, hypertension, and diabetes. To conduct community-based programs for screening, lifestyle modification, and risk reduction. To build awareness on metabolic health through education, outreach, and professional collaboration. To strengthen preventive nutrition strategies integrating clinical, public health, and behavioral approaches. Meet The Team: Mentor Dr. Rajesh Surendra Badani Qualification : MBBS, MD, DNB (Med), FCPS, DNB (Cardiology), Fellowship in Electrophysiology, FESC, FSCAI (USA) Medical Department: Electrophysiology & Ablation Specialties : - Interventional cardiology(Coronary angiography and angioplasty) - Interventional electrophysiology(Electrophysiology study and Radiofrequency ablation) - Device implantation(Pacemaker,ICD and CRT ) - Complex arrhythmia ablation(3D mapping for Atrial fibrillation and Ventricular Tachycardia) Experience - More than 9 years experience in Interventional cardiology and electrophysiology - More than 5 international and 10 national publications. - D.P.Basu award recipient CSI Dec 2008---Best original research paper all over India “Role of catheter ablation in VT storm”. Academics: Faculty for DNB cardiology students. Conducted various national level conferences in cardiology Fellowships / Associations Life Member of ----ISECON Life Member of ----- IHRS Organising Secretery for CSI Pune chapter CSI president-Pune chapter. Founder Dr. Shilpa Varma Chief Clinical Nutritionist BelleVue MultiSpeciality Hospital, Child Hormone Foundation; Tots to Teens Clinic, Mumbai. Qualification PhD; MSc (Dietetics and Applied Nutrition); NET Certified; ESPEN Diploma in Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism; ESPEN T-LLL Certified; PGDND; PGD (Public Health Nutrition); PGD (Nutraceuticals) (IGMPI); Certified in Critical Care Nutrition (IAPEN, ADA); Certified in Nutrigenomics; Certified Diabetes Educator (International Diabetes Federation; ADA); Certified in Analysis for Food Bioactives (ICT- UGC-CAS 2 and TEQIP-111 (World Bank Funded); ESPEN Certified in Clinical Nutrition and Metabolic Care; ESPEN LLL Certifications; Certified in Infant and Young Child Feeding- UNICEF and Cornell University National Executive Committee Member - IAPEN INDIA Association For Parenteral And Enteral Nutrition. Hon Secretary - SAPEN - South Asia Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition. Committee Member -ASPEN - Abstract Review and Research Committee. Committee Member -ASPEN - Education & Professional Development Committee. Academic Council Member and BOS-School of Science, Pimpri Chinchwad University. Mentor - G20 Women Mentorship Program, supported by Niti Ayog, Gov of India. Visiting Faculty DY Patil Medical College and Hospital. ESPEN Teacher for Life Long Learning Courses. Chief Program Officer IAPEN INDIA Core Group Nutrition and Diabetes, India. Member -ESPEN; Member-BAPEN; Member- ASPEN GNP, Life Member- IAPEN INDIA; IDA; NSI; RSSDI Associate Editor - Clinical Nutrition ESPEN, National Editorial Board Member IP Journal of Nutrition, Metabolism and Health Science, Editorial Board Member EC Diabetes and Metabolic Research Journal. Various Books, Abstracts, Publications, Chapter contribution in National and International journals and books- more than 30. Winner of MNI Award 2023 of 30,000 Euros. Author - Low Carb, Low Sugar Diabetes Friendly Recipes Book. Editor - Diabetes Mellitus, Nutrition, Functional Foods and Nutraceuticals - A Handbook., Editor - Diabetes Chronicles - Real World Case Studies and Insights Dr. Mansi Patil Office Bearer Committee Member, Women in Hypertension Research, International Society of Hypertension Member, Regional Advisory Group, South and Central Asia, ISH Committee Chair, Disparities in CVD, American Society of Preventive Cardiology (ASPC) National Committee Member, IAPEN India Chief Program Officer, Hypertension Core Group, IAPEN Consultant Right BP initiative to manage hypertension Asha Kiran JHC Hospital, Pune Akshada Clinic, Pune Faculty : Victoria University, Australia, Pimpri Chinchwad University, Pune, Maharashtra University of Health Sciences, Pune Awardee 2024– Outstanding Woman in Hypertension Research, ISH, Colombia Malnutrition Expert - UNICEF Trained Trainer-of-Trainers for NRC and IYCF Associate Editor, Clinical Nutrition, ESPEN Publications in peer-reviewed indexed journals Published a book - Lifestyle Modifications in Hypertension Published chapters in many books Ms. Datta Patel HOD & Associate Professor: Nutrition & Dietetics, D . Y. Patil School of Medicine & Hospital, Program Coordinator : School of Sports, Exercise & Nutrition Sciences , D Y Patil University , Navi Mumbai Positions held: National Executive Committee, IAPEN INDIA Association for Parenteral And Enteral Nutrition Program Joint Officer, Nutrition & Diabetes Core Group, IAPEN INDIA Associate Editor, Clinical Nutrition ESPEN (European Society For Clinical Nutrition & Metabolism) Editor Member, D Y Patil Journal of Health Sciences Member Secretary for the Board of Studies for the School of Sports, Exercise & Nutrition Sciences, D Y Patil University Executive working committee, Nutrition Society of India, Mumbai Chapter Education: Ph. D. Scholar (Performance Nutrition) M.Sc. (Food Science & Nutrition), MBA (Education Administration), ESPEN Diploma, ESPEN Certified TLLL, ESPEN Certified in Clinical Nutrition & Metabolic Care, Wageningen University & Research Certified Sports Nutritionist, ESPEN LLL Certifications, Certified Nutrigenomics Awards: Awarded at Nutribolism 2025 : Excellence in Clinical Nutrition Practices Awarded Nari Shakti Purashkar , DOST Foundation, Mumbai Awarded Best Teacher 2019, D Y Patil University, Navi Mumbai Chief Program Officer Sheryl Salis Rich experience of more than 25 years in the field of dietetics and diabetes education Lancet Diabetes and endocrinology commissioner for type 1 diabetes Past Advisory Council Member- ISPAD Lead- ISPAD Special Interest Group- Nutrition Past Faculty- Science School for Health Care Professionals, ISPAD Author of the award winning book “Diet in Diabetes Simplified” Editorial committee member and Co-Author- RSSDI 2025 (supported by NIN-ICMR) Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Nutrition Guidelines Co-Author - ISPAD 2022 and upcoming 2026 Nutrition Guidelines for Type 1 Diabetes Course Director, Core Committee Member, Faculty and Trainer at various educational institutions, associations and corporate houses Authored patient education booklets on healthy eating and carb counting, chapters in national and international medical textbooks and co-author Purple book by FSSAI Features as an expert Nutritionist on the TV Shows and regularly contributes articles to print and online media Presented papers and Speaker at several national and international conferences and has publications in peer reviewed national and international journals to her credit Recipient of ISPAD Allan Drash Fellowship IAPEN National Award for excellence in Nutrition entrepreneurship Mahila Vikas Mandal Vigyan Puraskar 2022-2023 “Sadhana Award 2022” for excellence in the field of nutrition and dietetics “UNIMO Rangoli Award 2022 -Influencer with Impact” & 2025 “Top Woman Achiever Award” She Excellence Changemaker Award 2022” for domain based excellence with talent outreach and beyond “Finer World Award for Change Maker and Social Media Influencer” 2021 Bijoya Bhattacharjee Assistant Professor & HOD, Dietetics and Applied Nutrition, Amity University Kolkata Founder & Consultant Dietitian – MSME registered Clinical Nutrition and Wellness Solutions, RB Diet Clinic, RB Wellness & Nutrition Academy Experience : Over 23 years of extensive experience in clinical dietetics and academia, Integrates clinical practice, academic teaching, and evidence-based research Academic Credentials & Research Contributions Ph.D. Scholar (Hypertension and Sarcopenia), UGC NET Qualified (2013), M.Sc. in Community Nutrition & Dietetics Management, PG Dip Diet (All India Institute of Hygiene and Public Health) B.Sc. in Clinical Nutrition & Dietetics, Certified FODMAP Dietitian (Monash University, Australia), Certified Diabetes Educator (Project Hope & International Diabetes Federation), Refresher fellowship in Weight Management – IDA, 17 LLL(Life Long Learning) Courses - European Society For Clinical Nutrition &Metabolism- ESPEN, Certified Nutrigenomic Counselor – Genesupport and Genebox Academy. Author of Peak Performance Plates: A Nutritionist’s Guide to High Altitude Eating, Published multiple high-impact papers in Scopus and Web of Science indexed journals, book chapters. Strong research acumen with work spanning hypertension, gut health, metabolic disorders, and evidence-based clinical nutrition Specialized Areas of Expertise - Clinical Nutrition & Gut Health Management, Hypertension management, Weight Management Programs, Metabolic Syndrome & Type 2 Diabetes Care, PCOD/PCOS Management, Nutritional Support for Corporate Wellness Awards & Accolades: IAPEN Quality Awards 2025, 2023, 2021 – Excellence in Dietetic Practice (National), Excellence in Dietetic Practice (State), Excellence in Clinical Nutrition Innovation (District), Biztycoon Influential Women Achiever of India - Best Influential Professional in Clinical Dietetics & Weight Management(2020–2021), Karyashala Foundation – Excellence in Clinical Nutrition. Official Dietitian – Femina Miss India East 2009, Magic Hands Award – Best Nutrition Technical Trainer (Global), VLCC Health Care Limited, Diet Partner & Jury Member – IGaIm Mrs. and Miss Bengal (2021). Impactful Contributions - Spearheaded research and innovative clinical nutrition practices in hypertension, metabolic disorders, and gut health. Established RB Diet Clinic as a trusted center for personalized nutrition and wellness, developed educational programs under RB Wellness & Nutrition Academy for aspiring nutritionists, Delivered transformative wellness initiatives to leading corporates including the Reserve Bank of India. Mentored students and health professionals in clinical dietetics, research methodology, and applied nutrition. Memberships - Block Member ESPEN, IAPEN, IDA, NSI, Poshan Dhara Association Somya Shrivastava Registered Dietician. H.O.D, Clinical Nutrition & Dietetics Department Max Hospital, Saket. New-Delhi Work Experience: 19 years in Clinical Nutrition & Dietetics - FODMAP Course From Monash University, Australia - 15-LLL(Life Long Learning) Courses From The European Society For Clinical Nutrition & Metabolism - ESPEN. - Certiﬁcate Course in Enteral & Parenteral Nutrition From IAPEN (Indian Association Of Enteral & Parenteral Nutrition - Certiﬁcate Course In Sports Nutrition from International Sports Sciences Association(ISSA)California, USA. - Certified & Trained Bariatric Nutritionist - Post Graduate iCertiﬁcate in Diabetes Education. Project -Hope - Certiﬁcate Course in Pediatric Nutrition, Public Health Foundation of India. - Core Committee Member of Hypertension Society - IAPEN Awards & Accolades : Awarded for best Nutrition Innovation practice at IAPEN, Varanasi, 2025 Awarded best Medical Nutrition Practice award at IAPEN Chennai, 2023 Awarded GEM Award, at Max Healthcare Awarded Best Dietician of the Year Regular Blood Donor Award Awarded First prize in Poster Presentation at IAPEN Varanasi Awarded Pratibha Kaushik Award First Prize at IDACON, Ahmedabad Memberships: India Association of Parenteral & Enteral Nutrition, IAPEN India, Obesity & Metabolic Surgery Society of India (OSSI), Indian Dietetics Association (IDA) Research Committee Dr. Harshada Ketan Thakur Current Affiliation: Assistant Professor, Department of Food Science and Nutrition, SNDT College of Home Science, Pune, SNDTWU. Educational Qualifications: M.Sc. Dietetics, CDE, RD, Ph.D. Over 18 years of experience in the field of clinical nutrition, research and academics. Special expertise in nutritional management for pediatric nutrition, inborn errors of metabolism, and enteral nutrition support at KEM Hospital Pune. Also, worked on various research projects funded by prestigious funding agencies/industries at KEM Hospital Research Centre, Pune. Experience of teaching for MSc Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics students at SNDT College of Home Science, Pune and Symbiosis School of Culinary Arts and Nutritional Science, Lavale, Pune Published several research papers in National and International journals indexed in Scopus and Web of Science. Book chapters published in The PURPLE Book – A Handbook for Diet and Diseases, Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), Government of India. Haseena Banu A passionate and dedicated SLMC-registered Dietitian and Nutritionist committed to helping individuals transform their health through evidence-based nutrition. With a deep understanding of the powerful connection between food and wellbeing, I strive to empower people to make informed dietary choices and achieve sustainable wellness goals. My journey in nutrition began with a strong desire to help others lead healthier, more fulfilling lives. I am currently reading for my Master of Science in Dietetics at Wayamba University of Sri Lanka, strengthening my expertise in clinical nutrition, research, and advanced dietetic practice. I hold a BSc in Food Science and Nutrition from the same university, which provided a strong foundation in nutritional science and evidence-based care. Academic Committee Dr. Kavita Gupta PhD, MSc. , CDE, Insulin Pump Trainer Director , Head Dept. of Dietetics & Therapeutic Diabetes Education , Sunil’s Diabetes Care n’ Research Centre Pvt. Ltd., Nagpur Hon Secretary, Indian Dietetics Association (Nagpur Chapter) Joint Secretary, Association of Diabetes Educators (ADE) Presented Research papers at International (IDF, ADA) /National (RSSDI, IDA, NSI) Published Articles / Authored Chapters in National Journals and Books Actively involved, conducts & participates in Diabetes Education Program & Diet exhibitions.(since .>25 yrs.) Special interest in Type 1 DM, Insulin Pump, Obesity, GDM & Diabetes Education Awards: Icon of Vidarbh 2023” for “Public Health Awareness” (12.03.23) Swarna Padak Award Oral Paper Presentation at IDACON 2020 Best Indian Diabetes Educator Award, 2019-20, 6th Sept 2020 by Diabetes Awareness & You, Kolkata. Dainik Bhaskar Women Award 2018, Social Category, 3rd May 2018 Maria Qureshi Consultant Clinical Dietitian and Nutritionist with experience across leading hospitals and clinics, including Royal Medical Hospital Kabul, Al-Aziz Medical Centre, Rehbar Clinics New Delhi, Indraprastha Apollo Hospital, and Nutrilicious Diet Clinic. A recipient of the Global Pride Award for Best Dietitian India 2024, she specializes in clinical nutrition assessment and management, holistic wellness, diabetes and PCOD reversal, obesity management, and nutrition strategies for recovery and rehabilitation. She holds advanced academic qualifications including an M.Tech in Food Technology, PGDs in Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics & Therapeutic Nutrition, and is currently pursuing a PhD in Nutrition & Dietetics. Maria has earned multiple international certifications from Cornell University, ANHI Ohio, UNICEF, and the Global Health Network. She is an active member of professional bodies such as the American Diabetes Association, Nutrition Society of India, Nutrition Society of London, International Diabetes Federation, ESPEN, and the Indian Association of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition Purabi Dutta My name is Purabi Dutta, currently working as a Senior Dietician at DownTown Hospital, Guwahati, Assam. I have over a decade of experience in clinical nutrition, specializing in diabetes management, weight loss, therapeutic diets, and maternal & child health. I’m a Certified Diabetes Educator (NDEP) and recently completed a certification in Sports Nutrition (PEFI, 2025). I also had the opportunity to speak at MeCaRe Conclave 2025 on Carbohydrate Counting in diabetes care. I believe in personalized, practical nutrition that fits real life - and transforms Shilpi Goel Founder: NUTRISHILP Dietitian & Functional Medicine Practitioner (IFMCP, USA) Specialises in weight management and other metabolic diseases. Convener: Indian Dietetics Association, Chhattisgarh (2019-2021) Author of the book “TAKE A SHILL PILL” TEDx Speaker September 2022 Recipient of National Health Award 2022 by NNHSA Awarded the title of Health & Wellbeing Ambassador by IHW Council India Guest Speaker at IIM Raipur, Mayo College Ajmer, FM Tadka, INH. Doordarshan India On the Expert panel at Yeh Hai India Iron Lady Award Winner, Best Nutritionist 2023 Successfully Completed Leadership Development Programme from IIM, Raipur, 2024. Featured on Wikipedia: Shilpi Goel Working Committee Rachna Shukla Sharma Core Expertise : Clinical & Preventive Nutrition Therapeutic & Ayurvedic Diets Weight Management & Lifestyle Coaching Diabetes & Immunity Nutrition Nutrigenomics & Pediatric Nutrition Renal & Ketogenic Diet Therapy Yoga, Meditation & Mind-Body Nutrition Program Design for different corporate houses, Schools & NGOs Public Speaking & Academic Training Experience Highlights : Founder & Director – Sureleap Nutrition Clinic (Since 2008) Co-Founder – Health Metrics (Since 2022) Assistant Clinical Director – Para Olympic Bharat Faculty & Course Coordinator Navast Institute of Nutrition & Dietetics | AAFT Noida | LSI Mumbai Author & Co-author Flavours of India:Heirloom Recipes from India’s Kitchens, Whisper of Nutrition, Naarinutricon monthly magazine etc Speaker & Columnist : Presented at international conferences (Naarinutricon 2025, Manav Rachna University 2025, Poshan Dhara 2023); featured in Times of India, Dainik Jagran, and Navbharat Times. Projects & Contributions : - Designed nutrition modules for Anemia Mukt Bharat and various school nutrition programs. - Developed curriculum for Just for Heart, NIND, Health Metrics projects and government school initiatives. - Trained aspiring dietitians through structured courses and mentorship. Priyanka Sadhukhan I am Priyanka Sadhukhan with over 13+ years of experience in the field of Food and Nutrition. I hold an M.Sc in Food & Nutrition, UGC-NET Qualified, gold medallist, a Certified Diabetic Educator and a life member of IAPEN & SAPEN, ESPEN Block member, ADA, ISH. Certified in GCP from Novartis and Designing of Clinical Trials from John Hopkins, Food Regulatory Practices from FSSAI along with Translational Nutrigenetics from ION. Currently associated with Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Pvt. Ltd. as a Nutrition Science Specialist, where I lead & contribute to science-driven nutraceutical product innovation. My expertise focuses on translating evidence-based nutrition into meaningful solutions that can positively impact consumer and patient health outcome. My core areas of expertise include Medical Nutrition Therapy to help develop condition-focused nutraceutical framework, aligning nutrition strategies with clinical protocols, and integrating therapeutic nutrition into holistic patient care to support improved metabolic, GI, endocrine & chronic disease outcome. I also have strong expertise in medical & scientific writing, with experience in developing high-quality, evidence-based content across a wide-range of therapeutic & nutritional domains. Ms. Swati Pandey Professional Summary I am a Clinical Dietitian and Public Health Nutrition Researcher with training from KPC Medical College & Hospital and Sanjiban Hospital, Howrah, complemented by advanced statistical and research training from the Institute of Development Studies Kolkata (Calcutta University). My work focuses on metabolic health, chronic disease risk, ultra-processed foods, and nutrition policy. I have presented my research at national platforms including the IAPEN India GI Meet, the NCRI Kolkata 3rd NIOS International Conference, Amity University, and the FSTN & Indian Institute of Food Science and Technology. My professional development includes certifications in Health Research Fundamentals (ICMR–IIT Madras), Nutraceuticals (Nutrify Today Academy), and Diabetic Education (Dr. Mohan’s Diabetes Academy). These strengthen my ability to apply evidence-based, quantitative, and policy-aligned approaches to nutrition science. My long-term goal is to advance rigorous, data-driven research that integrates clinical evidence with public health frameworks to address India’s escalating metabolic health challenges. Beyond research, I actively contribute to community health and public awareness initiatives through organizations such as NCRI Kolkata, Medbiologicals (New Delhi), and the Save Medha Foundation, Dunlop. Since August 2024, I have been associated with Medbiologicals as a Health Outreach Coordinator, where I support cancer awareness, immunotherapy education, and metabolic health advocacy through clinical nutrition and community engagement. Alpana Soni Founder of Restore Diet. I previously served as the National Head at Healthviser, where I led a team of 60 dietitians and managed 25,000+ clients across India, I have completed my M.Sc. (life science), PGADAND- Symbiosis Pune. I am Member of NSI, ISPEN, ISPEN. Over the years, I’ve delivered diet talks at DAV College Amritsar, RBI offices, JSW Steel workplaces, and have also been an empanelled dietitian for the Pentathlon Games for the Olympics. My work is rooted in functional, therapeutic, and herbal nutrition, supported by certifications in Functional Medicine, weight management, PCOS, Thyroid, CKD Diet Therapy, Cancer diet and Herbalism. Excited to connect, learn, and collaborate with this community. Sandhya Narasimhan I’m Sandhya Narasimhan, a Clinical Nutritionist with over 5 years of experience in evidence-based nutrition practice. I currently work at Dr. Rakhee’s Wellness Clinics and Diagnostics, where I provide tailored nutrition care for diverse clinical conditions. I am also the Founder of Svastha Wellness, my own practice dedicated to helping individuals reverse chronic conditions through real food and sustainable lifestyle changes. I am a Certified Diabetes Educator and hold the MIYCAN certification from the Indian Institute of Public Health. I am also the author of the book UN-DIET: The Maze of Nutrition Myths, which simplifies nutrition science for everyday readers. For the past year, I’ve been contributing regularly to the IAPEN Renal Newsletter, and I remain an active member of several professional nutrition bodies including ISH, SAPEN, ADE, and NSI. Ms. Nidhi Nigam Qualifications : Masters in Dietetics & Food Services Management , PG Diploma in Clinical Nutrition, PG Diploma in Health Coaching Additional Certifications : Certified Ayurveda Nutritionist, Certified Functional Nutritionist, Certified Diabetes Educator Awards & Achievements : Tedx Speaker, Awarded 1000 women faces of Asia (Health Influencer), Best Nutrition Speaker (World Women Congress), Featured in leading digital and print media Area of Interest – Gut Health, Community Nutrition, Clinical Nutrition, Metabolic Disorders Please contact us on Email ID : iapenmetabolicnutricoregrp@gmail.com Activities Webinar Healthy Weight Week Brief Description : The activity was on World Healthy Weight Week conducted on 19th January 2026 focusing on GLP 1 Drugs, “GLP – 1 Diet”, contemporary metabolic and obesity associated challenges. The series addressed topics such as weight-loss pharmacotherapy and diet prescription, metabolic challenges involving glycemic control and the growing epidemic of diabesity. The objective was to update healthcare professionals on evidence-based nutritional strategies in obesity and metabolic disorders. The program was organized by the Metabolic Syndrome & Nutrition Core Group of IAPEN India, under the aegis of the Indian Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (IAPEN). Members/Participants Involved : The online webinar up to 120 participants, primarily comprising dietitians, clinical nutritionists, doctors. The scientific program featured keynote sessions by Ms. Ipsita Chakravarti, HOD Dietetics CK Birla Hospitals, CMRI, Dr. Supratik Bhattacharya, Endocrinologist and was moderated by Ms. Bijoya Bhattacharjee. Emcee of the program was Ms. Priyanka Sadhukhan and Ms. Swati Pandey. The blend of expert lectures and interactive panel dialogue added significant value to the series. Webinar on GLP 1 Drugs and its supporting diet by Ms. Ipsita Chakravarti, Dr. Supratik Bhattacharya and moderated by Bijoya Bhattacharjee Webinar Series – World Diabetes Day Brief Description: The activity was a World Diabetes Day Webinar Series conducted over three days (14–16 November 2025) focusing on contemporary metabolic and diabetes-related nutrition challenges. The series addressed topics such as weight-loss pharmacotherapy and diet prescription, dual metabolic challenges involving glycemic control and uremic toxins, and the growing epidemic of diabesity. The objective was to update healthcare professionals on evidence-based nutritional strategies in diabetes and metabolic disorders. The program was organized by the Metabolic Syndrome &amp; Nutrition Core Group of IAPEN India, under the aegis of the Indian Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (IAPEN). Members/Participants Involved : The online webinar series accommodated up to 150 participants, primarily comprising dietitians, clinical nutritionists, and diabetes educators. The scientific program featured keynote sessions by Shilpa Joshi, RD and Dr. Meenakshi Bajaj, PhD, RD, with chairpersons Dr. Shilpa Varma, Dr. Mansi Patil, Ms. Anshu Mehra and Ms. Datta Patel guiding the sessions. A panel discussion on “Diabesity: A Dual Epidemic” included panelists Dr. Rita Patil, Dr. Kavita Gupta, Sheryl Salis RD, CDE, and Shilpi Goel, and was moderated by Ms. Bijoya Bhattacharjee, with Somya Shrivastava, RD as co-moderator. The blend of expert lectures and interactive panel dialogue added significant value to the series. Webinar on Weight Loss Drugs & It’s Impact On Diet Prescription by Ms. Shilpa Joshi and session chair Dr. Shilpa Varma, Session Emcee Ms. Bijoya Bhattacharjee Webinar on Weight Loss Drugs & It’s Impact On Diet Prescription by Ms. Shilpa Joshi and session chair Dr. Shilpa Varma, Session Emcee Ms. Bijoya Bhattacharjee Webinar on Dual Metabolic Challenge: Nutritional Strategies to Balance Glycemic Control and Uremic Toxins by Dr. Meenakshi Bajaj and session chair Dr. Mansi Patil, Dr. Anshu Mehra and Ms. Datta Patel. Session Emcee Ms. Somya Shrivastava Panel Discussion on Diabesity A dual epidemic by esteemed panelists, Prof. (Dr.) Rita Patil, Ms. Sheryl Salis, Dr. Kavita Gupta and Ms. Shilpi Goel and session moderators Ms. Bijoya Bhattacharjee and Ms. Somya Shrivastava ×