Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Navi Mumbai Chapter IAPEN INDIA Association > Navi Mumbai Chapter IAPEN India Navi Mumbai Chapter Hon. President Dr. Kailash Jawade Dr. Kailash Jawade is a renowned Consultant Surgeon specializing in HPB-GI Surgery, Laparoscopy, and Organ Transplantation. A recognized liver and kidney transplant surgeon, he currently serves as Professor and Head of Unit, Department of Surgery at D. Y. Patil Medical College. With over 50 papers presented, 20 guest lectures delivered, and 10 publications in reputed journals, he has also been honored with prestigious awards such as the Jeevan Gaurav Award, Vocational Excellence Award, Research Vibhushan Award, and Maharani Tararani Purskar. He is the founder of the social organization DOST promotes organ donation awareness and has conducted over 15 surgical camps in Palghar, providing free surgeries to more than 2000 patients. Hon. Vice President Ms.Varsha Gorey Varsha holds Masters Degree in Nutrition and is Registered Dietitian. Working as HOD Dietetics, Apollo Hospitals, Navi Mumbai Has more 25 + years’ experience and stands committed to advancing and driving best practices in clinical nutrition across India Received IAPEN INDIA Quality awards for excellence in MNT team in 2025, Therapeutic Food Service Management in Feb 2023, Digitalization in 2021. Contributed to 4 chapter in books of Clinical nutrition, and has been involved in various research and publications. Passionate about advancing clinical nutrition practices and driving impactful initiatives across the country. Hon. Secretary Ms. Fatima Radhanpurwala Ms. Fatima is a Registered Dietitian with 15 years of experience, specializing in Clinical Nutrition, Diabetes, and Nutrigenomics. She is the founder of NutriVision Wellness, a Consultant Dietitian at various hospitals, a public speaker, the author of multiple book chapters, and an active member of IAPEN India, all of which contribute considerably to Clinical Nutrition education and practice in India. Hon. Treasurer Ms. Madhuri Somani Madhuri is a Registered Dietitian with 25+ years of experience, specializing in Clinical Nutrition and therapeutic dietetics. She is a Consulting Dietician at: - PKC hospital, Vashi - Tej Vedant, Koper Kharaine - Credence Hospital, Ghansoli She is a speaker at various corporate conference, social forums and educational institutions on importance of Nutrition in Lifestyle management. She has co-authored many books on Nutrition and is an active member of IAPEN India, all of which contribute considerably to Clinical Nutrition education and practice in India Executive Committee Member Ms. Amreen Sheikh Ms. Amreen is a Registered Dietitian with more than 15 years of experience, specializing in Clinical Nutrition and Hospital operations. She is a Chief Dietician at KIMS hospital, Thane and has played Leadership roles at Fortis & Wockhardt Hospitals. She is specialized in Critical care nutrition, OPD, and bariatric nutrition. She has led NABH/JCI compliance & quality initiatives. She is an active member of IAPEN India, all of which contribute considerably to Clinical Nutrition education and practice in India. Executive Committee Member Mrs. Arundhati Lahiri Mrs. Arundhati is an Academician with 15 years of experience in clinical nutrition and academics. She holds a Master Degree in Food Science and Nutrition, Post Graduate Diploma in Dietetics, and is a certified Diabetic Educator. She has 9 years of experience as Clinical Dietician in Multi specialty and Super specialty hospitals including Asian Hearts, TATA Memorial Centre, Kharghar and AMRI, Kolkata She is an active member of IAPEN India, all of which contribute considerably to Clinical Nutrition education and practice in India. Executive Committee Member Ms. Arti Singh Arti Singh is a Senior Dietitian and Nutritionist at MGM Hospital, Vashi, with over 16 years of clinical experience. She holds a Master’s in Nutritional Sciences and specializes in medical nutrition therapy for critical care, renal disorders, diabetes, oncology, and pediatrics. She’s a certified National Diabetes Educator, and an active member of the Indian Dietetic Association (IDA) and the Indian Association for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (IAPEN). Arti also contributes as a researcher, writer, and speaker. Executive Committee Member Ms. Nandita Dhanaki Assistant Dietician at Advanced Centre for Treatment, Research and Education in Cancer. Won IAPEN QUALITY AWARDS award as a team in District level 2025. Won best Alumna Award by DR. BMN college And Seva Mandal Education Society 2025. She has more than 10 years of experience in Oncology Nutrition with adults and pediatrics at multiple cancer centres. She has Masters in Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics, also a Registered Dietician. She has done multiple paper and poster presentations at National and International conferences. Executive Committee Member Ms. Shital Harnekar Ms. Shital Mohan Harnekar is a qualified Clinical Dietitian with a robust academic background, holding a Bachelor's degree in Nutrition and Dietetics and a Master's degree in Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics. She is a Registered Dietitian with five years of experience in multispeciality healthcare settings. In addition to her clinical practice, she holds certifications as a Diabetes Educator and Onco Nutritionist. Currently, she is working as a Clinical Dietitian and Faculty Trainer at Dr. D.Y. Patil Hospital, Nerul, Navi Mumbai, where she delivers evidence-based nutritional care and contributes to academic training in the field of clinical nutrition. Executive Committee Member Ms. Janet Braganza Ms. Janet Braganza is a Clinical Dietitian for over 10 years. She holds a Master Degree in Food Nutrition and Dietetics, certified Diabetic Educator and is Registered Dietitian. She has worked in clinical setups like Sir H.N.Reliance Foundation Hospital, ACI Cumballa hill hospital, Prince Aly Khan Hospital.Currently working in Apollo Hospitals,Navi Mumbai. Her areas of interest are Critical Care,Oncology nutrition and transplant. She is an active member of IAPEN India. To support the committee in advancing nutrition excellence through research,policy and practice. Executive Committee Member Ms. Shivangi Sen Ms. Shivangi Sen is a Clinical Dietitian for 2+ years She is working in Apollo Hospitals Navi Mumbai She holds a Master’s Degree in Nutrition and Dietetics with specialization in Nutrigenomics She has been speaker in various lifestyle modification forums. Her areas of interest are Onco Nutrition and Nutrition research. To lead with evidence-based strategies that strengthen the role of nutrition in patient care. Executive Committee Member Mrs. Sneha Ambre Desale Ms. Sneha Ambre Desale holds a Bachelor's degree in Food Science and Nutrition and a Master's in Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics. She is a certified Diabetes Educator and has qualified the UGC-NET in Home Science. With over 10 years of experience in teaching and diet counselling, she currently serves as a Senior Dietitian at DY Patil Hospital, Nerul, and as the Coordinator for the MSc Clinical Nutrition and Nutraceuticals program under the School of Sports, Exercise and Nutrition Sciences. She is also actively involved in guiding postgraduate research, with a focus on applying evidence-based nutrition in clinical practice. Executive Committee Member Ms. Sadaf Rai Ms. Sadaf Rai is a Clinical Dietitian for 4+ years. She holds a Master Degree in Dietetics & Food Service Management. Her Area of interest is Corporate Camp's at different sectors. She has served as a keynote speaker at various forums on wellness and lifestyle interventions. She is an active member of IAPEN India, all of which contribute considerably to Clinical Nutrition education and practice in India. Executive Committee Member Dr. Prriya Eshpuniyani Consultant Thoracic Surgeon Navi Mumbai More than 2 decades of experience in supramajor surgeries of lung, esophagus and mediastinum. Organizing secretary of Annual Lung cancer Year end Review National conference. ( 8 in a row) Author of more than 15 national and international peer reviewed indexed publications. Reviewer of multiple peer reviewed journals. Presented in more than 100 National and International Conferences as invited faculty. Member of prestigious associations : IAPEN, IACTS, ISTST, ISO, IASO,ASI. Executive Committee Member Dr. Prasad Pande Dr. Prasad Pande is a Consultant Gastrointestinal Surgeon practising for 10+ years. His main area of interest is Hepatopancreatobiliary Surgery and Robotic surgery for Gastrointestinal Cancers. An alumnus of Nair hospital, G.B. Pant hospital, and Lilavati hospital, Dr. Prasad Pande has been an active advocate of Nutritional Rehabilitation as an essential aspect of Surgical management of Cancers as well as non-cancerous Gastrointestinal Diseases. His experience in Nutritional Rehabilitation is backed by his contributions in Research, which include 20+ peer-reviewed publications in indexed journals and talks in International conferences. Please contact us on Email ID : iapennavimumbai@gmail.com ×