Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Privacy Policy IAPEN INDIA Association > Privacy Policy IAPEN INDIA understands the importance of protecting the privacy of their customers. Our privacy policy has been updated to give you a better understanding of how we treat our data and also to grab your attention to new features. Please review this privacy policy and manner in which the information shall be utilized. The personal information so collected is used to market, study, analysis, process and improve the services offered by us and our subsidiaries/associates and also to contact you with updates to the website or for other marketing and internal business analytical/review purposes. For more information on this privacy policy, please read below. What Information Does IAPEN INDIA Capture About Visitors to Its Website? The IAPEN INDIA webserver uses an extended log file format which captures: date and time of visit, referring address (location from which visitors comes to IAPEN INDIAs’ website), type of internet browser and visitor’s IP address (Each computer that connects to the internet is assigned a unique number, an IP address, for identification purposes). The log file does not capture a visitor’s email address. Does IAPEN INDIA ask for Personal Information? No, IAPEN INDIA do not mandatorily ask for your personal information. There are pages by which a user can contact IAPEN INDIA and by products but sharing personal information is entirely on the discretion of the user and thus at sole risk of the user/customer. We may encourage you to register your details with personal information for login account purposes only as IAPEN INDIA does not ask for or store any financial information of any party and sharing of personal information during registration process is to contact your updates, new products range and offering which is at choice of the customer. However, by providing personal information to us when you create or update your account and profile, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting terms and conditions of IAPEN INDIA user agreement and freely accepting and agreeing to our processing of your personal information in ways set out by this privacy policy or as amended from time to time. How Does IAPEN INDIA Use The Personal Information? The information collected through this site help us identify the type of website content our customers value most. We use this information to market and improve the website and our services. We also use this information to send you emailers / notifications for various purposes including but not limited to information on new products, best sellers, order processing and to contact you by other means for marketing and other purposes. Our policy is not to give, sell or otherwise distribute the information collected through this site to third parties outside of IAPEN INDIA and its subsidiaries/associates (unless required by the law). How Is Information Protection Made at Merchant’s Website? By availing of the goods and services from our website, you understand that there is some risk involved during transmitting to other vendor/bank websites for making necessary payment and all risk attached. There also the transaction is understood and acknowledge by you. Further, since each third party vis-à-vis bank, vendor website, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each of the respective website. Online merchants, payment gateways and others who participate in our services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites and breach of any ‘sensitive’ information causing any loss, damage to you (direct or indirect) is solely at your risk and IAPEN INDIA shall not be party to such fraudulent practices of any third party vendor. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy polices of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with any third parties. How Long the Collected Information Is Retained? IAPEN INDIA keeps your information for as long as your account is active or as needed. However, we may keep certain information even after you close your account if it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirement, resolve dispute, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this agreement. How Do I Contact IAPEN INDIA? Our corporate postal address is IAPEN, Survey No. 8/1, Omkar Colony, Lane no. 1, Pimple Gurav, Pune, Maharashtra email info@iapenindia.org. Our best endeavor shall be to support you and resolve all issues in best manner. Additional Resources On Information Privacy IAPEN INDIA reserves the right to amend the privacy policy at any time with or without notice. Please check back frequently in the event of changes. Your use of IAPEN INDIA constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy. ×