Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Surat Chapter IAPEN INDIA Association > Surat Chapter IAPEN India Surat Chapter Hon. President Dr. Piyush DesaiI Designation: Consultant Diabetologist & Endocrinologist Qualification: MBBS and MD from Government Medical College, Surat. Post graduate in diabetes and fellowship in endocrinology from Lilavati hospital, Mumbai. Postgraduate diploma in endocrinology from the University of South Wales, UK Association with other Societies: Member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists Achievements : Recipient of award for excellence in diabetes care by RSSDI in 2019 Conducting many phase 3-4 clinical trials and interested in clinical research in the field of diabetes and endocrinology. Hon. Secretary Dr. Shilpee Agrawal Designation: Assistant Professor, Department of Food & Nutrition, Vanita Vishram Women’s University, Surat Qualification: Doctorate in Food and Nutrition, Master’s in Food, Nutrition and Dietetics, B.Ed., UGC-NET-JRF, ICMR-SRF, ICAR-JRF, Certified Diabetes Educator Association with other Societies: Club Coordinator - Indian Dietetic Association, Gujarat chapter, Surat club, Life member NSI, IAPEN, IDA, HSAI, IFSO, OSSI, EFI, NetProFan etc. Achievements : Senior and Junior Research Fellowships, Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) India, 2012-2016. Awarded Novo Nordisk Foundation Conference Grant for Paper presentation in Copenhagen, Denmark. Completed International Course in Nutrition Research Methods under Bangalore Boston Nutrition Collaborative, SJRI - Bangalore. Published various research papers in National and International journals. Invited as a resource person for nutrition talks and as chairperson in workshops, symposium and conferences. Hon.Treasurer RD. Minakshi Lahar Clinical Registered Dietitian and Certified Diabetes Educator with 8 years of experience. Formerly working in Unique Hospital, Surat, for the past 8years. Currently practicing in Sarthi Hospital, Surat. Received an award for “Excellence in clinical nutrition practice” district level. Life member of IAPEN, IDA, and NetproFan. Member of Surat Nutrition Club. Executive Committee Member Dr. Manish Akbari Clinical Nutritionist and Certified Diabetes Educator with over 15 years of professional experience. He practices in Surat and Bardoli at Figure ‘n Fit clinic, which he co-manages with his wife, Dietitian Dhrupal Akbari. Honored twice with the State-Level Excellence in Nutrition Entrepreneurship Award for his outstanding contribution to the field. Life Member of IAPEN and IDA, and an active member of ESPEN, the Surat Nutrition Club, and AIAARO. Holding a Diploma in ESPEN, he is deeply committed to evidence-based clinical nutrition, diabetes care, and community health promotion. Executive Committee Member Ms. Jinal Parmar Educational Qualifications: Ph.D. Scholar (Pursuing), M.Sc. in Food & Nutrition, Fellowship in Clinical Nutrition and Dietetics, Certified FODMAP- IBS Dietitian from Monash University, Australia, Certified Bariatric Dietitian, Certified Diabetes Educator, Certified Lactation Counsellor (UNICEF). Affiliation : Head of the Department, Nutrition & Dietetics – Kiran Multi Super Speciality Hospital & Research Centre Experience : 13 years of experience in Clinical Dietetics Association with other societies - Life Member IDA, IAPEN INDIA, NetProfan. Achievements : Executive Committee Member, Nutrition Society of India – Surat Chapter, Best Team Practice – Medical Nutrition – Surat District Award at ICNC Internation Conference at Varanasi Feb – 2025, Guest lecture/ Nutrition educator for Dietitians, Doctors and Nurses in different institutes of Gujarat, Did more than 100 nutrition talk in different sectors in Gujarat to create awareness regarding healthy nutrition & lifestyle management, Provided expert nutrition inputs for various magazines and newspapers. Executive Committee Member Ms. Geeta Chandani Educational Qualification: M.Sc (DFSM), PGDD, CFN Certified Diabetes Educator Completed RD internship from Dhiraj Hospital, Sumadeep , Wagodia, Vadodara Work Experience : Currently working as Consultant Nutritionist, Bombay Maternity and Surgical Hospital, Althan, Surat — since 2014 with 14 years of experience. Visiting Lecturer, Surat Government Nursing College — since 2018 with 8 years of academic experience. Regional Programme Associate (Nutrition), Government of Gujarat — 2015 to 2018 Associated with IDA as Club coordinator, Surat Club, Gujarat chapter Life member- NSI and NetProfan Please contact us on email id : iapensuratchapter@gmail.com Event Photos ×