Skip to content " class="btn-fill color-yellow btn-header">Register Now Terms and Conditions IAPEN INDIA Association > Terms and Conditions Introduction: IAPEN INDIA and/or its affiliates provides website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at www.iapenindia.org To use our products or services IAPEN INDIA provides the services subjects to the following terms and conditions. By using products or services through www.iapenindia.org. you will unconditionally agree to the conditions given below. Privacy: Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of all the information (whether personal or public). Electronic Communication: When you use any of IAPEN INDIA services, or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email/text message. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Copyright: All content included in or made available through any of the availed service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, video clips, audio clips and data compilations is the property of IAPEN INDIA or its content suppliers and shall be protected and governed by laws of the land in India. All unwarranted copies of content are strictly prohibited and illegal. Trademark: In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names included in or made available through any service are trademarks or service mark of IAPEN INDIA or its affiliates or its content suppliers but you by availing of the services does not get any right for copying or using the same. Your Login Account: If you register yourself with the portal, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility of authenticity of the information and for all activities that occur under your account or password. However, IAPEN INDIA reserves the right to refuse services, terminate accounts, remove or edit content or cancel orders in its sole description with no damage or demure payable to you. Risk of Loss: All items purchased through electronic mode through this website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such item pass to upon our delivery to the carrier (Shipping partner) for dispatch. Disputes: Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any IAPEN INDIA products/service, or to any products or services sold or distributed by IAPEN INDIA or through www.iapenindia.org will be subject to exclusive jurisdiction of the court of Pune. We each agree that any dispute resolution proceeding will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in class, consolidated or representative action. Services Overview: As part of the registration process on the Site, IAPEN INDIA may collect the following personally identifiable information about you: Name including first and last name, alternate email address, mobile phone number and contact details, Postal code, Demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address etc.) and information about the pages on the site you visit/access, the links you click on the site, the number of times you access the page and any such browsing information. Account & Registration Obligations: All shoppers have to register and login for placing orders on the Site. You have to keep your account and registration details current and correct for communications related to your purchases from the site. Pricing: All the products listed on the Site will be sold at MRP unless otherwise specified. The prices mentioned at the time of ordering be the prices charged on the date of the delivery. Although prices of most of the products do not fluctuate on a daily basis but some of the commodities and fresh food prices do change on a daily basis. In case the prices are higher or lower on the date of delivery additional charges will be collected or refunded as the case may be at the time of the delivery of the order. Modification of Terms & Conditions of Service: IAPEN INDIA may at any time modify the Terms & Conditions of Use of the Website without any prior notification to you. You can access the latest version of these Terms & Conditions at any given time on the Site. You should regularly review the Terms & Conditions on the Site. In the event the modified Terms & Conditions is not acceptable to you, you should discontinue using the Service. However, if you continue to use the Service you shall be deemed to have agreed to accept and abide by the modified Terms & Conditions. ×